I have bought several of the Vitality canned dog food products and have found them all to be of good quality. The product looks more like a stew than a processed meat and it smells better. My Labrador is finicky and she appreciates this product better than  most.
This is a confection that has been around a few centuries.  It is a light, pillowy citrus gelatin with nuts - in this case Filberts. And it is cut into tiny squares and then liberally coated with powdered sugar.  And it is a tiny mouthful of heaven.  Not too chewy, and very flavorful.  I highly recommend this yummy treat.  If you are familiar with the story of C.S. Lewis' "The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe" - this is the treat that seduces Edmund into selling out his Brother and Sisters to the Witch.
Great taffy at a great price.  There was a wide assortment of yummy taffy.  Delivery was very quick.  If your a taffy lover, this is a deal.
I got a wild hair for taffy and ordered this five pound bag. The taffy was all very enjoyable with many flavors: watermelon, root beer, melon, peppermint, grape, etc. My only complaint is there was a bit too much red/black licorice-flavored pieces (just not my particular favorites). Between me, my kids, and my husband, this lasted only two weeks! I would recommend this brand of taffy -- it was a delightful treat.
This saltwater taffy had great flavors and was very soft and chewy.  Each candy was individually wrapped well.  None of the candies were stuck together, which did happen in the expensive version, Fralinger's.  Would highly recommend this candy!  I served it at a beach-themed party and everyone loved it!
This taffy is so good.  It is very soft and chewy.  The flavors are amazing.  I would definitely recommend you buying it.  Very satisfying!!
Right now I'm mostly just sprouting this so my cats can eat the grass. They love it. I rotate it around with Wheatgrass and Rye too
This is a very healthy dog food. Good for their digestion. Also good for small puppies. My dog eats her required amount at every feeding.
I don't know if it's the cactus or the tequila or just the unique combination of ingredients, but the flavour of this hot sauce makes it one of a kind!  We picked up a bottle once on a trip we were on and brought it back home with us and were totally blown away!  When we realized that we simply couldn't find it anywhere in our city we were bummed.<br /><br />Now, because of the magic of the internet, we have a case of the sauce and are ecstatic because of it.<br /><br />If you love hot sauce..I mean really love hot sauce, but don't want a sauce that tastelessly burns your throat, grab a bottle of Tequila Picante Gourmet de Inclan.  Just realize that once you taste it, you will never want to use any other sauce.<br /><br />Thank you for the personal, incredible service!
One of my boys needed to lose some weight and the other didn't.  I put this food on the floor for the chubby guy, and the protein-rich, no by-product food up higher where only my skinny boy can jump.  The higher food sits going stale.  They both really go for this food.  And my chubby boy has been losing about an ounce a week.
good flavor! these came securely packed... they were fresh and delicious! i love these Twizzlers!
The Strawberry Twizzlers are my guilty pleasure - yummy. Six pounds will be around for a while with my son and I.
My daughter loves twizzlers and this shipment of six pounds really hit the spot. It's exactly what you would expect...six packages of strawberry twizzlers.
I am very satisfied with my Twizzler purchase.  I shared these with others and we have all enjoyed them.  I will definitely be ordering more.
Twizzlers, Strawberry my childhood favorite candy, made in Lancaster Pennsylvania by Y & S Candies, Inc. one of the oldest confectionery Firms in the United States, now a Subsidiary of the Hershey Company, the Company was established in 1845 as Young and Smylie, they also make Apple Licorice Twists, Green Color and Blue Raspberry Licorice Twists, I like them all<br /><br />I keep it in a dry cool place because is not recommended it to put it in the fridge. According to the Guinness Book of Records, the longest Licorice Twist ever made measured 1.200 Feet (370 M) and weighted 100 Pounds (45 Kg) and was made by Y & S Candies, Inc. This Record-Breaking Twist became a Guinness World Record on July 19, 1998. This Product is Kosher! Thank You
Candy was delivered very fast and was purchased at a reasonable price.  I was home bound and unable to get to a store so this was perfect for me.
My husband is a Twizzlers addict.  We've bought these many times from Amazon because we're government employees living overseas and can't get them in the country we are assigned to.  They've always been fresh and tasty, packed well and arrive in a timely manner.
I bought these for my husband who is currently overseas. He loves these, and apparently his staff likes them also.<br />There are generous amounts of Twizzlers in each 16-ounce bag, and this was well worth the price. <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001GVISJM">Twizzlers, Strawberry, 16-Ounce Bags (Pack of 6)</a>
I can remember buying this candy as a kid and the quality hasn't dropped in all these years. Still a superb product you won't be disappointed with.
I love this candy.  After weight watchers I had to cut back but still have a craving for it.
I have lived out of the US for over 7 yrs now, and I so miss my Twizzlers!!  When I go back to visit or someone visits me, I always stock up.  All I can say is YUM!<br />Sell these in Mexico and you will have a faithful buyer, more often than I'm able to buy them right now.
Product received is as advertised.<br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001GVISJM">Twizzlers, Strawberry, 16-Ounce Bags (Pack of 6)</a>
I was so glad Amazon carried these batteries.  I have a hard time finding them elsewhere because they are such a unique size.  I need them for my garage door opener.<br />Great deal for the price.
I got this for my Mum who is not diabetic but needs to watch her sugar intake, and my father who simply chooses to limit unnecessary sugar intake - she's the one with the sweet tooth - they both LOVED these toffees, you would never guess that they're sugar-free and it's so great that you can eat them pretty much guilt free!  i was so impressed that i've ordered some for myself (w dark chocolate) to take to the office so i'll eat them instead of snacking on sugary sweets.<br />These are just EXCELLENT!
I don't know if it's the cactus or the tequila or just the unique combination of ingredients, but the flavour of this hot sauce makes it one of a kind!  We picked up a bottle once on a trip we were on and brought it back home with us and were totally blown away!  When we realized that we simply couldn't find it anywhere in our city we were bummed.<br /><br />Now, because of the magic of the internet, we have a case of the sauce and are ecstatic because of it.<br /><br />If you love hot sauce..I mean really love hot sauce, but don't want a sauce that tastelessly burns your throat, grab a bottle of Tequila Picante Gourmet de Inclan.  Just realize that once you taste it, you will never want to use any other sauce.<br /><br />Thank you for the personal, incredible service!
I have never been a huge coffee fan. However, my mother purchased this little machine and talked me into trying the Latte Macciato. No Coffee Shop has a better one and I like most of the other products, too (as a usually non-coffee drinker!).<br />The little Dolche Guesto Machine is super easy to use and prepares a really good Coffee/Latte/Cappuccino/etc in less than a minute (if water is heated up). I would recommend the Dolce Gusto to anyone. Too good for the price and I'am getting one myself! :)
This offer is a great price and a great taste, thanks Amazon for selling this product.<br /><br />Staral
McCann's Instant Oatmeal is great if you must have your oatmeal but can only scrape together two or three minutes to prepare it. There is no escaping the fact, however, that even the best instant oatmeal is nowhere near as good as even a store brand of oatmeal requiring stovetop preparation.  Still, the McCann's is as good as it gets for instant oatmeal. It's even better than the organic, all-natural brands I have tried.  All the varieties in the McCann's variety pack taste good.  It can be prepared in the microwave or by adding boiling water so it is convenient in the extreme when time is an issue.<br /><br />McCann's use of actual cane sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup helped me decide to buy this product.  Real sugar tastes better and is not as harmful as the other stuff. One thing I do not like, though, is McCann's use of thickeners.  Oats plus water plus heat should make a creamy, tasty oatmeal without the need for guar gum. But this is a convenience product.  Maybe the guar gum is why, after sitting in the bowl a while, the instant McCann's becomes too thick and gluey.
This is a good instant oatmeal from the best oatmeal brand.  It uses cane sugar instead of high fructouse corn syrup, so not only does it have a better sweetness, but some doctors now say that this form of sugar is better for you.  Great on a cold morning when you don't have time to make McCann's Steel Cut Oats.  The apple cinnamon is the best but the maple and brown sugar or the regular are good too.  Plus they don't require doctoring to actually tell the three flavors apart.
Instant oatmeal can become soggy the minute the water hits the bowl. McCann's Instant Oatmeal holds its texture, has excellent flavor, and is good for you all at the same time. McCann's regular oat meal is excellent, too, but may take a bit longer to prepare than most have time for in the morning. This is the best instant brand I've ever eaten, and a very close second to the non-instant variety.<br /><br />McCann's Instant Irish Oatmeal, Variety Pack of Regular, Apples & Cinnamon, and Maple & Brown Sugar, 10-Count Boxes (Pack of 6)
McCann's Instant Irish Oatmeal, Variety Pack of Regular, Apples & Cinnamon, and Maple & Brown Sugar, 10-Count Boxes (Pack of 6)<br /><br />I'm a fan of the McCann's steel-cut oats, so I thought I'd give the instant variety a try. I found it to be a hardy meal, not too sweet, and great for folks like me (post-bariatric surgery) who need food that is palatable, easily digestible, with fiber but won't make you bloat.
For those of us with celiac disease this product is a lifesaver and what could be better than getting it at almost half the price of the grocery or health food store!  I love McCann's instant oatmeal - all flavors!!!<br /><br />Thanks,<br />Abby
What else do you need to know? Oatmeal, instant (make it with a half cup of low-fat milk and add raisins;nuke for 90 seconds). More expensive than Kroger store brand oatmeal and maybe a little tastier or better texture or something. It's still just oatmeal. Mmm, convenient!
I WAS VISITING MY FRIEND NATE THE OTHER MORNING FOR COFFEE , HE CAME OUT OF HIS STORAGE ROOM WITH ( A PACKET OF McCANNS INSTANT IRISH OATMEAL .) HE SUGGESTED THAT I TRY IT FOR MY OWN USE ,IN MY STASH . SOMETIMES NATE DOSE NOT GIVE YOU A CHANCE TO SAY NO , SO I ENDED UP TRYING THE APPLE AND CINN . FOUND IT TO BE VERY TASTEFULL WHEN MADE WITH WATER OR POWDERED MILK . IT GOES GOOD WITH O.J. AND COFFEE AND A SLICE OF TOAST AND YOUR READY TO TAKE ON THE WORLD...OR THE DAY AT LEAST..  JERRY REITH...
I ordered this for my wife as it was reccomended by our daughter.  She has this almost every morning and likes all flavors.  She's happy, I'm happy!!!<br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001EO5QW8">McCANN'S Instant Irish Oatmeal, Variety Pack of Regular, Apples & Cinnamon, and Maple & Brown Sugar, 10-Count Boxes (Pack of 6)</a>
The variety packs taste great!<br /><br />I have them every morning. At $0.30 cents per meal, I don't understand why everyone on earth isn't buying this stuff up.<br /><br />Maple and brown sugar is terrific, followed by apples and cinnamon, followed by regular. You don't get tired of the same ole thing, and they taste great.<br /><br />I just boil water from a small pot, empty the packet or 2 in a bowl, pour in boiling water, and watch it expand to 2x its size!<br /><br />Taste really good and takes minutes to prepare.<br /><br />Not sure why everyone on earth isn't this. Convenient, healthy, very quick, excellent quality, and extremely cheap...
McCann's makes oatmeal for every oatmeal connoisseur, whether one likes it from the raw pellet state that cooks for half an hour, to the sloth addled instant, which can be done in the microwave for under three minutes. It's all good, that's for sure, and the beauty of the instant variety is that it is available in different flavors as well as regular.<br />  This variety pack allows different tastes to be explored, as well as giving you a chance to experience the difference between McCann's and other well-known oatmeals. What I personally like about McCann's is that it cooks up thicker and with more body than the top brand here in America. The Apples & Cinnamon, though, tends to be a little liquidy so you may want to experiment with the amount of water you add. In my 1300watt microwave the oatmeal cooks up in about one minute and twenty-seven seconds, so you should also watch that to get a handle on how much time and water to use.<br />  The only bad thing -- if you can consider it a bad thing -- about this offering is that you have to buy in lot so you'll end up with six ten-count boxes. This is good if you have a whole family of oatmeal-eaters, but if you're a single person alone -- well, love oatmeal.
I have McCann's Oatmeal every morning and by ordering it from Amazon I am able to save almost $3.00 per box.<br />It is a great product. Tastes great and very healthy
McCann's Oatmeal is a good quality choice.  Our favorite is the Apples and Cinnamon, but we find that none of these are overly sugary.  For a good hot breakfast in 2 minutes, this is excellent.
We really like the McCann's steel cut oats but find we don't cook it up too often.<br />This tastes much better to me than the grocery store brands and is just as convenient.<br />Anything that keeps me eating oatmeal regularly is a good thing.
Good oatmeal.  I like the apple cinnamon the best.  Though I wouldn't follow the directions on the package since it always comes out too soupy for my taste.  That could just be me since I like my oatmeal really thick to add some milk on top of.
I really like the Maple and Brown Sugar flavor. The regular is fine with brown sugar added. The Apples and Cinnamon flavor is OK. This is a very quick, easy and satisfying breakfast and I'll order this brand again, but not the variety. I'll get all Maple and Brown Sugar.
Got a free package of these with a bottle of bloody mary mix I bought from the seller, and the advertising worked..lol,  I tried them, and shared them with 2 buddies, and we all loved them...  So im here to buy more, and noticed there were no reviews yet,...  well now there is.  They are Hot,  but not "burn your mouth forever hot"  its a nice temp...  Perfect for us..
This wasn't in stock the last time I looked. I had to go to the Vermont Country Store in Weston to find it along with a jaw harp, Cranberry Horseradish Sauce, Fartless Black Bean Salsa, Apple Cider Jelly, Newton's Cradle Art in Motion and the staple Vermont Maple Syrup.<br /><br />Back to the Ass Kickin Peanuts. They are hot. They will activate the perspiration glands behind your ears and under your arms. It requires a beverage as advertised, a glass of very cold milk, and a box of Kleenex since it will make your nose run. They look like ordinary peanuts which is already giving me ideas for work. I suspect that some people have been hitting my goodies in my absence, especially my colleague Greg. I'm going to take this to work at earliest opportunity and empty the contents of this can into an ordinary Planters Peanuts can, and then see whose crying or whose nose is running when I return.<br /><br />The can should be shaken to ensure the spices are evenly distributed. It is important to wash your hands after consumption and not touch the eyes.<br /><br />You'll go nuts over these Ass-Kickin' Peanuts.<br /><br />P.S. I'm not sharing the peanuts, not deliberately, and I'll probably give Greg the jaw harp for Christmas. He'll be so insulted.
I roast at home with a stove-top popcorn popper (but I do it outside, of course). These beans (Coffee Bean Direct Green Mexican Altura) seem to be well-suited for this method. The first and second cracks are distinct, and I've roasted the beans from medium to slightly dark with great results every time. The aroma is strong and persistent. The taste is smooth, velvety, yet lively.
We roast these in a large cast iron pan on the grill (about 1/3 of the bag at a time).  The smell is wonderful and the roasted beans taste delicious too.  More importantly, the coffee is smooth; no bitter aftertaste.  On numerous occasions, we've had to send the roasted beans home with friends because they like it so much.
Deal was awesome!  Arrived before Halloween as indicated and was enough to satisfy trick or treaters.  I love the quality of this product and it was much less expensive than the local store's candy.
It is chocolate, what can I say.  Great variety of everything our family loves.  With a family of six it goes fast here.  Perfect variety.  Kit Kat, Reeses, take five and more.
Great product, nice combination of chocolates and perfect size!  The bags had plenty, and they were shipped promptly.  The kids in the neighborhood liked our candies!
Halloween is over but, I sent a bag to my daughters class for her share. The chocolate was fresh and enjoyed by many.
This bag of candy online is pretty expensive, it should be cheaper in order to compete with grocery stores, other than that, its a good combination of my favorite candy
I have used the endurolyte product for several years in both pill and powder form.  Long desert rides on the dirt bike always found my camelbak water heavily laced with the endurolyte powder, not overly tasty, but quite effective, as I never got a cramp on these several hundred mile rides.  Same for desert racing in the buggy, the camelbaks were always laced with the powder.  Now we have the Fizz...what a great product!  Firstly, its Hammer's endurolyte product so it's great, endurance athlete's the world over use their products. Second its convenient, handly tablets that dissovle in a fizz.  Third it tastes great! Imagine getting a nice cool drink when your body is starving for hydration and electrolytes and rather than getting a "salty" taste, you get a refreshing lemon-lime or mango!  The camelbaks always get the Fizz now.  I also drop a tablet in my bottled water whenever I exercise and have a nice flavored water chock full of electrolytes. I cannot recommend this product or any hammer product highly enough.
This product serves me well as a source of electrolytes during and after a long run or bike ride.<br />I have tried all of the flavors but really do like the grapefruit flavor... no after-taste and I actually like the slight carbonation.<br />I use other Hammer products and really like their whole product line.
This stuff really works for preventing cramping during the middle to latter stages of your rides. Pop 1 into each water bottle and you're set. Flavor is fine and goes down easy.
For those of us on a low carb diet these little tablets are just the thing.<br /><br />Two years ago I started cycling again after many years but was having heart arrhythmia after longer rides in high heat.  I was drinking plain water but did a little research and thought electrolytes might be the issue.  Gatorade wasn't an option because it is so loaded with carbohydrates so I looked around for a low-carb alternative.  The "zero carb" sports drinks didn't help so what to do?  One day I ran across these at my bike shop so tried a tube of them.....voila!...problem solved!!<br /><br />I've shared them with two friends in particular whose problems with leg cramps were resolved while using these.<br /><br />These guys got it right -- they are superbly formulated and simply work.....
this was sooooo deliscious but too bad i ate em too fast and gained 2 pds! my fault
These Albanese gummi bears and rings and so on are very good and tasty and high quality. The bears even have little faces. At my local candy store this type of gummi stuff (bears, rings, snakes, balls, worms, whatever) are about $10/lb. These twin packs of 4.5 or 5 pound bags is a screaming deal as far as I'm concerned. I'm probably 50 pounds deep in these friggin' things. Consumed!
Grape gummy bears are hard to find in my area. In fact pretty much anyone I talk to about grape gummy bears they think I'm lying. So I bought 10lbs... : ) These bears are a little bit bigger then the other brands and have kind of sour kick, but nothing to strong. I love grape flavored candy/soda and these are pretty good. There is another company that makes grape gummy bears that are a little bit better in my opinion, but these are well worth it for the price. I like to use the gummy bears in home made Popsicles with flavored sports drink. The salt in the sports drink makes for softer popsicles, and the gummy bears are awesome frozen. They are delicious!
I ordered two of these and two of raspberry latice tarts directly from FantasiCakes website for a dinner party I was hosting. It arrived fresh and intact. Very good size. I froze half for later use. I am a pastry lover and these were the best I've ever tasted. The pastry was soft, the jam was really good and the taste was great. They were gone in no time. My guests were really impressed.
These looked like a perfect snack to through in with my trail mix.  Unfortunately, they arrived in a solid mass of melted chocolate.  I left them in my pantry for a few days, and when I opened them at room temperature they were still gooey.  I through them in the fridge and I've been breaking off hunks ever since.  They taste good to me, but the chocolate is all grainy after melting and then solidifying again.  I won't order them online again, but if I see them in a store I would pick them up.
These taste really good. I have been purchasing a different brand and these are very similar in taste and texture. I agree with the other reviewer regarding ordering in the summer. There is no insulating packaging with ice packs so they will melt in warm weather like all chocolate food items. Order in cold weather and buy enough to last!!!
i know i cannot make tea this good.  granted, i am not from the south but i know i have never enjoyed tea that was this sweet without being too sweet.  it tastes crisp.
This peppermint stick is delicious and fun to eat.  My dad got me one for Christmas because he remembered me having a similar one when I was a little girl.  I'm 30 now and I love it!
Great gift for all ages! I purchased these giant canes before and the recipients loved them so much, they kept them and would not eat them.
I know the product title says Molecular Gastronomy, but don't let that scare you off.  I have been looking for this for a while now, not for food science, but for something more down to earth.  I use it to make my own coffee creamer.<br /><br />I have to have my coffee blonde and sweet - but the flavored creamers are full of the bad kinds of fat, and honestly, I hate to use manufactured "food" items.  I really don't think they are good for the body.  On the other hand, I hate using cold milk or cream, because I like HOT coffee.<br /><br />I stumbled across this on Amazon one day and got the idea of making my own creamer.  I also bought low-fat (non-instant) milk powder and regular milk powder. The non-instant lowfat milk is a little sweeter and tastes fresher than regular instant low-fat milk, but does not dissolve good in cold water - which is not a problem for hot coffee.  You will have to play with the ratios - I would not do just the heavy cream, it made the coffee too rich. Also, I think the powder is too expensive to just use on it's own. I like mixing 1/3 of each together.<br /><br />For flavoring, I bough cocoa bean powder, vanilla bean powder, and caster (superfine) sugar.  I mix up small batches along with spices like cinnamon and nutmeg to make my own flavored creamers.  If you wanted, you could use a fake sweetner powder instead.  I make up small amounts that I store in jelly canning jars. I also use my little food chopper/food processor to blend everything, so the sugar is not heavier and sinks to the bottom.  Let it settle for a bit before opening the top though.<br /><br />This stuff tastes WAY better than the storebought creamers and it is fun to experiment and come up with your own flavors.  I am going to try using some essential oils next and see if I can get a good chocolate/orange mix.<br /><br />All of the ingredients I mentioned are here online.  Take the time to experiment.  Maybe you don't use any low-fat milk. Or don't add any flavorings.  It is up to you.  Also, would make great housewarming/host(ess) gifts.<br /><br />I am sure other molecular people will be able to tell you more of what you can do with it, and I am sure I will experiment with it in cooking - but the main reason I bought it was to make my own creamer and it worked out great.
We have three dogs and all of them love this food!  We bought it specifically for one of our dogs who has food allergies and it works great for him, no more hot spots or tummy problems.<br />I LOVE that it ships right to our door with free shipping.
My dog has a ton of allergies both environmental and food. She was on a prescription dog food before we had her tested to see what allergies she has. After we got the test back, we learned she was allergic to something in the prescription brand. So I finally found this dog food and she has done so well on this! She still has her environmental triggers, but I am happy she can finally eat something I know won't cause her pain.
My shepherd/collie mix has IBS.  Our vet recommended a limited ingredient food.  This has really helped her symptoms and she likes it.  I will always buy it from Amazon...it's $10 cheaper and free shipping!
Natural Balance Dry Dog Food Lamb Meal and Brown Rice Recipe did wonders for my Jack Russell. She has awful food allergy's and this food was our last hope because it was the last food we could find that didn't have SOMETHING in it that she was allergic to. She has no problem eating it dry but normally I mix the Natural Balance Dry Lamb and Brown Rice with the Natural Balance Wet Lamb and Brown Rice.. she seems to like that better. We started feeding it to our other dog (a Bichon) too and she loves it. If your dog has allergy's or stomach issue.. or if you want your dog to eat better food-- this is it! You will see a difference in your pet.
Great food! I love the idea of one food for all ages & breeds. Ît's a real convenience as well as a really good product.  My 3 dogs eat less, have almost no gas, their poop is regular and a perfect consistency, what else can a mom ask for!!
I have a standard poodle and pomeranian who both do wonderful on this food. I have switched them to a different food (due to price) a couple of times and end up going right back to natural balance.
This is great dog food, my dog has severs allergies and this brand is the only one that we can feed him.
This food is great - all ages dogs.  I have a 3 year old and a puppy.  They are both so soft and hardly ever get sick.  The food is good especially when you have Amazon Prime shipping  :)
My golden retriever is one of the most picky dogs I've ever met.  After experimenting with various types of food, I have found she loves natural balance.  What I really like about natural balance is the fact that it has multiple flavors in dry and wet varieties.  I mix her dry food with a little wet food and my golden loves it.  Furthermore, I do like mixing up the flavors each time as I think the same meal day over day might get a little boring, so I figured why not.  I tend to stay away from the fish type though as it smells...<br /><br />Additionally, I started purchasing off Amazon because Petco didn't have the wet food box and only had a couple of cans.  I came home and to my surprise realized that I could save $20 each time I bought dog food if I just buy it off Amazon.<br /><br />All in all, I definitely recommend and give my stamp of approval to natural balance dog food.  While I have never eaten it, my dog seems to love it.
This is the same food we get at pet store. But it's delivered to my door! And for the same price or slightly less.
I've been very pleased with the Natural Balance dog food. Our dogs have had issues with other dog foods in the past and I had someone recommend Natural Balance grain free since it is possible they were allergic to grains. Since switching I haven't had any issues. It is also helpful that have have different kibble size for larger/smaller sized dogs.
My 1-1/2 year old basenji/jack russell mix loves this dog food. He's been noticeably healthier and more energetic since I switched him over from the standard dog foods earlier this year. Despite the higher cost of natural dog foods, I find that he eats significantly less of the Natural Balance dog foods and still stays happy and full. On the normal dog foods, he'd eat up to 3 cups of dog food a day (the recommended serving for his size), whereas he only eats about 1 cup to 1-1/2 cup of the Natural Balance dog food a day. When you take this into account, you're actually getting more "bang for your buck" with the natural dog foods since you don't have to buy as much to last just as long as the normal dog foods... and a healthier, happier dog, to boot! Add in the fact that you can get free, 2-day shipping with Amazon Prime... I'm sold!!
Our pup has experienced allergies in forms of hotspots and itching from other dog foods. The cheap 'you can buy it anywhere' food not only have crazy preservatives in them but can cause health problems for your pets.  This food works wonders on reducing allergies and our dog loves the food.<br />This message is RAMSEY FrAnkenSteiN approved.
My English Bulldog had skin allergies the summer we got him at age 3.  The vet recommended we wean him off the food his previous owner gave him (Iams Lamb and Rice) and onto a new kind.  This was the second one we tried, and it has been working ever since.  It's for dogs that need a limited diet who can be sensitive to additives and proteins commonly found in commercial dog food (like chicken or beef).
The mouth says, "How do I love thee, let me count the ways..."<br />If you like apple products a must have item.  The only draw back, shipping cost.  These are very heavy.
Arrived slightly thawed. My parents wouldn't accept it. However, the company was very helpful and issued a full refund.
The crust on these tarts are perfect.  My husband loves these, but I'm not so crazy about them.  They are just too sour/tart for my taste.  I'll eat the crust and hubby takes my filling.  My kids think they're great, so maybe it's just me.
These are absolutely scrumptuous!  My husband and I both love them, however, as another customer put it, they are expensive to ship!  The cost of shipping is more than the tartlets themselves are!
What a nice alternative to an apple pie. Love the fact there was no slicing and dicing. Easy to prepare. I also loved the fact that you can make them fresh whenever needed.
I like Creme Brulee. I loved that these were so easy. Just sprinkle on the sugar that came with and broil. They look amazing and taste great. My guess thought I really went out of the way for them when really it took all of 5 minutes. I will be ordering more!
I first bought pickled asparagus at an Amish market and it was love at first bite. Hence, when I saw these on the discount rack at the local Safeway I cleaned it out.  These are even better than the ones from the Amish market. They are fantastic, and some of the jars have a bonus clove of garlic at the bottom. I'm going to order the six pack and I'm a household of one. They wont go to waste!
I love asparagus.  Up until very recently, I had never had pickled asparagus.  Oh my goodness, when a friend introduced me to this exact brand, I couldn't believe how great stuff tasted.  I loved it so much I bought the six pack.  I've got 2 jars left.  Gonna need more!!
I'm presently on a diet and I was at my Fresh and Easy Neighborhood Grocery looking over possible diet foods. I wanted things that were tasty, non-fat and low in calories. I came home with about a dozen items. That's how I discovered the Tillen Farms Pickled Crispy Asparagus. Well, I've always liked asparagus anyway and I've enjoyed several brands of pickled asparagus. This Tillen Farms brand is really, really good! It's the best I can recall. There's an excellent flavor and a big clove of garlic down in  the bottom of the jar which I'm looking forward to eating. I can't believe how good this asparagus tastes and right on the front it says "only 60 calories per jar!" Now this is my idea of a good diet food!<br /><br />Gary Peterson
I have been drinking this tea for a long time now.  I used to have to purchase it at a doctor's office because it wasn't available elsewhere.  I'm so glad that I can buy it now from Amazon.com.  I drink this tea throughout the day like other folks drink coffee.  Wonderful taste.
I have been drinking Royal King 100% Natural Organic Green Tea (100 tea bags x 2g each) as my every day tea for several years now.  I buy 12 boxes at a time to save on shipping.  For many years I used to drink coffee from morning till night.  But finally I realized that drinking so much coffee was not healthy for me.  I finally resolved to improve my health and stopped drinking coffee all together.  I tried many alternative drinks to replace my coffee habit.  I found that green tea was not only good tasting it also has health benefits.  Green tea is one of the few drinks that actually makes you healthier (coffe and other drinks do not) - the only healthier drink is quality cold water.  In my opinion, for the price, Royal King 100% Natural Organic Green Tea is one of the best tasting teas.  This green tea has a beautiful golden color, the taste is bright and fresh.  I recommend adding a tiny amount of Y.S. Organic Bee Farms RAW HONEY to the tea to add sweetness and health benefits too.  I also give myself a treat once in a while by having a much more expense tea (Tribute Xi Hu Long Jing) but this fantastic tea is not practical for me to drink as my every day tea (although I would if I could afford it).<br /><br />Cons:  On my latest shipment the package shown on the Amazon page is different than the one shipped.  The one shipped displays "NATURALLY HIGH IN POLYPHENOL CATECHINS" (a key contributive element to the possible health effects of tea), whereas the Amazon package displays "CAFFENE FREE".  So I am not sure if this green tea is Caffene free or not.  The other con is that sometimes the tea bag rips open when I unwrap the string from around the tea bag. So if the string seems stuck to the tea bag I put the bag in the hot water to unstick it.
this has to be one of the best teas I have ever tasted... it's clean, bright, fresh...<br /><br />great delivery...again quality... just try it...
I love, love this green tea.  It is very hard to find in our area and some places on the internet charge a big price and I usually don't get as many boxes as I did with this merchant.  I will definitely order from this seller again!! Thanks!!  I depend on my green tea fix everyday!
I love this tea. It helps curb my eating during the day. My Mom and I have given it all friends to try.
I'm Italian and I lived in Italy for years. I used to buy these cookies for my everyday breakfast with an Italian espresso. I couldn't find them anywhere here in the Bay area, so it's great to have them again.
In the 1980s I spent several summers in Italy. This biscotti is often given as a breakfast food or mid-day snack. They are simple and delicious and were not sold in the US back then. They are so good that I brought back two bags from a recent trip to Italy. It is great to see that they may now be found on Amazon!<br /><br />Note: it is great to open a bag, smell the contents, pour a glass of milk, then dip the Macines in the milk. Great routine and treat for kids!
I had heard a little about this product from the local pet store, then tried a small bag for our 2 cats of about 3 and 6 years respectively. The female, younger one took to it right away, and the older male, who was unfortunately weaned on the junk cat food with all the corn meal and etc... in it, and would usually refuse a diet change, actually liked it too. The older male is overweight and we were trying to switch him to soft food on the doctor's request, but he totally refused it. He is a posh cat after all. He still consumes too many calories, the fatty, but at least I know he's eating good food. Of course, I know this product seems to cost more than most other feline food on the market, but I just can't see feeding our animals the lousy alternatives that are out there, marketed as being healthy. Why do commercials show cats eating a vegetarian diet which is mostly corn meal? Is that right? I'll stay with this for now, but stay tuned.<br /><br />I'm updating this review after 9 months of using this cat food for our two cats. I upgraded the stars from 4 to 5 as it really has been a good food for the two of them. Garfield still eats a little too much, but he's just a big cat who doesn't exercise much, let's face it. Our female cat will be 4 years old in a couple months and she's so healthy. She's tiny, but happy and agile. I tried the chicken version of Holistic Select, but Garfield seemd to miss this sardine version so we went back to this one. I've ordered the duck version and will update this once they try it.
I started buying this after I noticed my 1 year old cat was already starting to lose his "spunk" so I decided it was time to start buying him "real" cat food...not the garbage in the super markets. I found this at the pet store out of the other million choices, and I'm sure there are other brands that are just as good but this is the one I went with to try first and it was a great purchase. My cat has been on this for the past 8 months and he's now just has active as he was when he was a kitten and his coat has became sooo soft. Mainly, he loved the taste even more! I highly recommend this brand to all my friends and family for their animals!
I have done a lot of research to find the best food for my cat, and this is an excellent food.  That is also according to my holistic veterinarian.  They put probiotics on the kibble as the last step, which is very important to me.  The best thing is that my cat loved it immediately and I had to stop mixing it with the old food because she only would eat Holistic Select.
This cat food was recommended by my vet because my 13 year old Cleo Cat was having trouble keeping any food down and was loosing weight.  It stopped her problems.  She doesn't eat as much as before since she seems to be more satisfied after eating which helps justify the added price.  It aids in digestion since the...ok sorry...smells are gone if ya know what I mean.  Had to add that so anyone experiencing problems with their cats can see there are a lot of benifits from this cat food.
I have a 4 year old male cat who has chronic urinary tract infections.  I feed him this dry food in combination with wet food (with water added to it) and Uri Ease.  The combination seems to keeps his UTI's under control.  If I switch to another type of dry food, his UTI gets worse.  The other cats seem to enjoy this food as well.  It's expensive but it seems to be the best solution for me.
Before I was educated about feline nutrition, I allowed my cats to become addicted to dry cat food. I always offered both canned and dry, but wish I would have fed them premium quality canned food and limited dry food. I have two 15 year old cats and two 5 year old cats. The only good quality dry foods they will eat are Wellness and Innova. Innova's manufacturer was recently purchased by Procter&Gamble. I began looking for a replacement. After once again offering several samples (from my local holistic pet store) Holistic Select was the only one (other than the usual Wellness and Innova) they would eat. For finicky cats, I recommend trying Holistic Select. It is a good quality food that is very palatable for finicky eaters.
My holistic vet recommended this, along with a few other brands. We tried them all, but my cats prefer this (especially the sardine version). The best part is their coats are so soft and clean and their eyes are so clear. AND (and I don't want to be rude, so I'll say this as delicately as I can) their waste is far less odorous than cats who eat the McDonalds junk found in most stores, which is a definite plus for me! The health benefits are so obvious - I highly recommend Holistic Select!
One of my cats is allergic to fish and beef. This formula is one of the few she can eat, and it has much better ingredients than the prescription diets available at the vet. Both of my kitties are very active, have soft shiny fur, and neither are fat. Dry food reduces tartar buildup on teeth, also.
Our cats thrive extremely well on this dry cat food.  They definitely have much less hair ball throw ups and their fur is great.  They are fit and not over weight.  This vendor ships extremely fast.  Is one of the top Amazon suppliers in our book!
I've been a fan of Hot & Spicy Maruchan Ramen for a long time. If you enjoy spice, and love ramen, you'll love this product. Too bad it's way too expensive here on Amazon. It's only $3.36 per 12 at my Walmart.
I've been eating Ramen noodles since I was a little kid, and I've never found a better flavor than Hot & Spicy Chicken!  It isn't hot at all to a chilihead like me, but it sure is good!
Always being a fan of ramen as a quick and easy meal, finding it on amazon for a decent price and having it delivered to your door by the case is an amazing situation for anyone to find themselves in.
I really loved the spicy flavor these had.  I found myself liking the broth more than the noodles which is usually the opposite.  If you aren't used to the heat this might bother you and if you like hot hot foods this might not be enough.
Got these on sale for roughly 25 cents per cup, which is half the price of my local grocery stores, plus they rarely stock the spicy flavors. These things are a GREAT snack for my office where time is constantly crunched and sometimes you can't escape for a real meal. This is one of my favorite flavors of Instant Lunch and will be back to buy every time it goes on sale.
i have bought allot of different flavors and this happens to be one of my favorites and will be getting more soon
I love this flavor of ramen! I don't eat other flavors anymore because they taste too bland by comparison. For the convenience of having it delivered to my home (I have prime, so I get it in two days and don't have to pay for the shipping), the price on amazon isn't bad at all, but it is still cheaper to run down and pick up a case of this at the grocery store.
The BEST investment I've ever made for ginger. It's unbelievable! It's fibrous like the real ginger, has that spicy kick to it, but it's perfect with the sugar - calms it down.  It's very worth the $40 for 5lbs of it!  I'll be getting more soon - I use these as a topper for my ginger cupcakes and cookies :)
Delicious. I cannot get Australian ginger where I live. This compares favorably to Australian Ginger I've purchased in other cities. Now I can enjoy it without traveling.
I keep trying other brands.... cheaper brands. Stupid me! This ginger IS soooo worth the money. Tender, moist and never a let down.
My son has had acid reflux since birth and has been on every medication available with no improvement, Until an older gentleman came into his work place and told him about this product and I automatically ordered it for him. I was really not expecting any better results than the 1000 other things we have tried. What a surprise! He has not had any heartburn or symptoms since day 2 of starting eating one piece of this Ginger each morning. He can now eat anything and actually enjoy it. This product was a God send for him. Thank you all for it!
I bought this for our office to give people something sweet to snack on.  Because it's bite size it's easier for people to grab a couple a pieces rather than an entire licorice stick. My only complaint is that one of the bags broke open in shipping.
Twizzlers brand licorice is much better than that other well known brand.<br />If you can get these for $2 to $2.50 a package with free s/h it's a good deal.<br />The black and cherry have good taste; but the strawberry taste was too delicate and barely there
I love these.........very tasty!!!!!!!!!!!  Infact, I think I am addicted to them.<br />Buying them in packs of 6 bags - is very reasonable than going to Target and getting a bag.  Savings are about a $1.00 a bag.  I use subscribe and save on these and several other product.  I love subscribe and save!!!!!!!!!!!
If you are looking for a less messy version of licorice for the children, then be sure to try these!  They're soft, easy to chew, and they don't get your hands all sticky and gross in the car, in the summer, at the beach, etc. We love all the flavos and sometimes mix these in with the chocolate to have a very nice snack! Great item, great price too, highly recommend!
Being a fan of Newman's Pineapple salsa for quite a while, I was looking for a comparable salsa.  This is one of the best tasting salsas I've ever had.  My daughters love it too.  They don't like super chunky salsa and the Berry Mango has a nice smooth texture with small mango pieces.  The salsa is not too sweet, just sweet enough and although it's mild, it has a nice little kick to it.  At this price, it's a steal!
This is one of the best salsas that I have found in a long time but stay away from the variety pack. The other two that come with it are not worth your money.
This is the best cornmeal. I made regular cornbread and hot water cornbread with this meal and both were outstanding. Also fried some oysters with this meal, it gave them a great texture and flovor.
This is a fabulous marinade!  I love to use it for chicken, either baked in the oven OR on the grill.  This has enough flavor & flair, I've even used it for dinner parties, only to receive rave reviews from my guests!! DEFINITELY worth the price! Super cheap and super easy! Love it!
Works with chicken fish beef or pork. Fast easy and makes it taste excellent. Plus buying in bulk is more than 50% off from box stores
Got this for my brother who is on Jorge Cruise diet and decided to try one for myself.  It actually tastes pretty good.
AWESOME!!! such a yummy flavor I got it as a healthy alternative to the desserts we normally eat and I am so glad that I did there are so many things you can do with Jello desserts and still have them taste good and be good for you. I will definitentally be purchasing this product again the flavor was so wonderful.
I went to 4 grocery stores looking for this flavor of Jello for my green tomato jam recipe and finally found it here. This jello is wonderful! Evidently it's only carried in the stores during the summer but with harvest time in the Fall, I couldn't find it anywhere in town. This Jello tastes like watermelon and the jam recipe I made with it takes like watermelon jam! Great made as regular Jello too. Yummy!
What a deal this is the healthiest salt you can use.  This box should last our family the year no problem.  Iodized sea salt will not raise your blood pressure as regular salt will.
Perfect size sea salt for the table or the picnic basket.  We love it. Shakes well, no clumping and flows freely.
<span class="tiny"> Length:: 0:26 Mins<br /><br /></span>The expiration date is 21 months from the day I bought this product. The tuna, tomato combination is delicious. This is one of the many items I re-order on Amazon every month or so.<br />edit: added a short video, so you see what this combination looks like.<br /><br />I was wearing one of those headlamps, but I didn't do a good job focusing on the tuna.<br />I should film it over, but it doesn't look like many people view this product anyway.
I've never heard of the SAFCOL brand before but I was tired of only trying the typical pouches; Starkist and Chicken of the Sea. I was really surprised as I thought it was a bit better than the other brands and with less seasoning.
these are the best tasting tuna pack they make in my opinion - make a great on the go snack, and really satisfying with the tomato
I'm not familiar with the Safcol brand but being a tuna addict, gave this a shot. The tuna tastes like it's good quality but I found the tomato basil flavor to be a bit bland. It's better than something plain but it didn't pack the punch I was hoping for. It's still a great option for a low calorie, low fat meal.
I found it much tastier than the plain tuna pouches out there. Excellent quality, and no need to 'dress it up'.<br /><br />I put it the micro on about 20% power for 1 minute and Shazam!<br /><br />I believe a little heating brings out the flavor.
I read about pomegranate molasses so I had to try it! I haven't made anything with it yet, just eaten a little bit at a time but WOW is it decadent! It's dark, syrupy, sour, and a little sweet. A dab of this and I forget about dessert. It's just a really unique flavor with a pleasing metallic undertone. Yum!! I'm going to try making fesenjan next :-)
Used this in Moroccan recipes, as a syrup in a brilliant mixed beverage and as a swirled topping on sliced oranges soaked in orange water.  Wonderful, wonderful stuff!
I purchased as a giveaway for a baby shower with Jungle theme! They worked out perfect for 25 small bags of candy. I purchased 5#. If you want more than 25 small bags, I would purchase a larger bag.
I have drunk Ricore since my mother allowed be to drink caffeine. I love this stuff in milk.<br />It's much smoother and tastier than instant coffee with milk. I am French and live in the US,<br />and bring back boxes of Ricore at every opportunity. Savora is another hidden gem you can bring<br />back. Check it out.
I first had this drink when my mother brought it back with her from a visit to her home in Brittany France and thought it was delicious!  I wish it were a bit cheaper but other than that, I love this product!
I couldn't wait to try the 8&#8243; Cinnamon Coffee Cake because it is made with fresh eggs, creamy sour cream, Madagascar Bourbon Vanilla and is topped and filled with cinnamon streusel. This 8&#8243; Cinnamon Coffee Cake is available online for only $18.95. Now, I have had my fair share of cinnamon coffee cakes, but, let me just tell you that the FantasiCakes Cinnamon Coffee Cake really "takes the cake" with size, price, quality and taste.<br />The cake arrived very fast and was carefully packaged so that it arrived in almost perfect condition. It also comes with a large tub of white icing that you can drizzle over the top, before serving. I couldn't believe how large the size was and it actually fed my family of 5 for us to enjoy during breakfast, for three days. The cake itself is thick and almost has a solid but sponge cake type consistency that is really moist and very filling. The flavors are to die for with the sticky cinnamon outside and sweet cinnamon and vanilla swirled throughout the inside of the cake. The icing really tops it off beautifully and gives it that moist and sticky sweet flavor. Pair the cake with your morning coffee and you've got the perfect breakfast treat!
I used to love these growing up and stopped drinking water and lemon juice from this brand about 5-6 years ago. This stuff used to be so strong i used to just pour some in my mouth and get that alive feeling going. It feels like the product went through changes which added more water or something to make it not so strong. The stronger it is the less you use as well. The product is still really good but the taste is the same quality as the cheaper brand names almost. I thought  these would go fast but hey all lemon stuff i love unless it goes bad. This is a good product just wish it still had that hit me in the mouth chug sensation it used to be like.
One of the best lemon juice that I have tried. I am recurring customer due to the high quality of this product. When the season for fresh lemos is out, this one supplement our need for the citrus on the kitchen or refreshments.<br /><br />I will continue buying it.
This lemon juice is a must in my kitchen year-round. It has a powerful flavor and you don't need much of it to zest up a dish. I add a spritz of it to my water nearly every day.<br /><br />I will buy this product again and again.
Fast delivery and good product. This is the same lemon juice concentrate you can find in stores and it's really handy to have around to add to sauces, dressings, etc. Such a pain to squeeze fresh juice everytime you need it, nevermind having the lemons on hand to begin with.
This is not as good as the Frozen Lemon juice, but it is good. It has a slightly odd flavor, perhaps from a preservative. Sure wish I could order the frozen juice!
Couldn't believe it when told how relaxing this beverage was. Seriously, drink it only if you are getting ready for a nap or bedtime. If you have plans to drive or perform any other activity not recommended.<br /><br />I feel my arms and legs almost tingle with relaxation. After a short time my eyes start to get droopy and I am in another place.<br /><br />Love this stuff.
I bought these at Grocery Outlet here in the Seattle Tacoma are for $4.00 a case of tweleve not paying $38.00 Yes 3 for a dollar. I like the taste not great but not bad either low calorie will buy more but not at this whacked out price.
This is an great product. The taste is great, and it works exactly as described. Superb natural sleep aid. AMAZING!
We made chocolate chip cookies with BRM Garbanzo Bean Flour and the results were fantastic!  The brown sugar and chocolate mask any bean taste that other reviews have mentioned.  Our friends couldn't discern any difference from classic CCCs.  The texture, body, and elasticity (meaning reduced tendency to fall apart that occurs with most other gluten-free flours) is nice and chewy -- the same as CCCs made with regular flour.  And an added bonus -- the high protein and fiber level (I calculate 2-3 g fiber/cookie) fills you up so that you are satisfied with smaller servings and the glycemic index is significantly lower.<br /><br />I highly recommend this flour even if CCCs are the only thing you make with it.
This  is great stuff.  Made some really tasty banana bread.  Good quality and lowest price in town.
We had trouble finding this locally - delivery was fast, no more hunting up and down the flour aisle at our local grocery stores.
This packet of glaze is the secret to making those European style fresh fruit tarts. I am about to make one for a pie auction at church, after a friend requested that something "strawberry" should be offered. You can make the most amazing and relatively "healthy" fruit tarts by baking a base, layering it with uncooked, fresh, sliced fruit, then pouring over the made-up contents of one of these packets. They harden up at room temperature, hold the fruit together so you can slice the tart, and they let the beauty of the arranged fruit show through. I've also seen this glaze used over cheesecakes, to hold a fruit topping in place. Personally, I do not like cheesecake (too rich for me) but a fruit glazed cheesecake is gorgeous, I will admit. To do this, slice fruit and layer it on the cheesecake while it's still in the springform pan. Pour on the glaze, let it set up and then remove the springform. You'll have a clear layer of fruit on top of the cheesecake. Cherries, strawberries or sliced mangos are nice, but the best one I ever had used thin slices of lemons, that had been gently poached in sugar syrup before they were layered on the cake.<br /><br />I use a base of sponge cake, baked in a shallow form, but other bases can be pate sucre  (a kind of French pastry that is a bit like a sugar cookie) that works well in those fluted, straight-sided forms. You can also make mini-tarts in a muffin pan, pre-baking each mold with a layer of pie crust (even commercial crust works, though again, I prefer pate sucre, it holds its shape better and is more substantial and has a better crumb.) Just blind-bake the muffin tins lined with pate, then pop them out and fill with fresh fruits (berries are great) and pour over the glaze. Some people put a layer of creme patisserie, which is a pastry cream like custard but stabilized with flour,  below the fruit and I happen to think these taste best.<br /><br />If you get into baking, this glaze is a must-have on the shelf. The ingredients are vegan: tapioca starch, carrageenan, dextrose, cream of tartar, locust bean gum, so if you are looking to make a vegan tofu cheesecake, you can use this on top, as well as use it for fruit tarts with a nut crust base.
My Scotties were full of hot spots and when I used this within a week all the hot spots were gone. The smell is kinda strong, but not bad. It's tolerablel.
I bought this coffee because its much cheaper than the ganocafe and has the organic reishi mushroom as well as other healthy antioxidants.  I didn't expect it to taste good, but it actually does!  I've only had it for a few days and for $5 its totally worth it.  My sisters all take ganocafe but now I'm introducing them to this less expensive similar coffee.  I will follow up on this product in a few weeks.  :)
This coffee is great because it's all organic ingredients!  No pesticides to worry about, plus it tastes good, and you have the healing effects for ganoderma.
Like the other people mentioned, this coffee has a great taste. I've tried different instant coffees before, but this one is one of the better ones. Another one of my favorites, if you want to try it out (though NOT organic), is 'Africafe pure instant coffee'
Tastes great, and gives me energy without the jitters. Love this product.<br />However, I do wish it came in some sort of resealable jar or hard plastic container instead of a zip-lock pouch because the zip-lock ripped off and quit working after awhile. But the product is fantastic, just not crazy about the packaging.
These little guys are tasty and refreshing.<br /><br />I usually eat salads for lunch which can do terrible things to breath.  I eat 2 of these after lunch (because they are so small) and I find this sufficiently resolves the problem.<br /><br />They're sugar free (sugar can actually help the smelly bacteria grow) which is great and they're tasty enough that I almost think of them as part of my lunch.<br /><br />This is a good bulk value buy and I'd highly recommend the mints themselves.  Cheers!
I like these better than the regular Altoids, but they're even more costly, so you'd better like them.
These little tins of sugar free mine mints were a great deal.There perfict for on the go.Fifty mints per tin is just the right amount to cary along.And there safer for your teeth than the ones with sugar.The price of twelve dollars was very resonable.Also there great for shareing.If you are looking for a mint try these ones.Youll be glad you did.
Pros:<br />+packaging, shipping, price<br />+sold about a year before its expiration date (enough for me to eat/share 9 boxes)<br />+not too "fresh" like the regular wintergreen and not in a powdery form. it's a real mint!<br /><br />Cons: none!
These mints are really strong and have a great taste. They are also a convenient size to carry in a pocket or purse.
This is a huge supply of them. I'm still working on these and have plenty to spare. Much more effective than buying one from the grocery store or 7-11 every time you want a mint.
I love, and use the empty containers for medicine/advil in my purse, desk, suitcase. Also line with felt to keep earrings. Perfect little size to disguise small valuables when traveling and LOVE the mints. Tiny and powerful without burning my mouth.
Received as shown. My mother in law likes these and Walgreens quit carrying them. It was great i could get them on Amazon.
I keep a case of these in my office and always have at least a tin or two on my desk for visitors to help themselves to. Some folks stop by just to grab some mints and others pop them like candy while we meet. When I find someone who keeps coming back for more I just give them their own tin! One co-worker asked me to save the tins for her so she could use them as pillboxes and safety pin boxes. Like I said, theyre a real hit. Since I wouldn't be able to keep my hands off a candy dish, this is a good alternative to have around and it's nice to have them around if I have garlic for lunch! I gave the item 4 stars because they aren't as tasty as the sugar version of the mints  but what sugar free item is as good as it's full sugar counterpart?) and because of the fact that each tin is wrapped in plastic which seems like a waste and is irritating to remove (although I totally get why they wrap it - it still doesn't make it easy to deal with).
The tiny Altoids are great for a quick breath freshening and the small box is great for portability. It's full, but compact.<br /><br />I haven't run out yet, and probably won't for a couple months, but I can't wait to buy it again.
I loved these Wintergreen Altoid Smalls so much, I had to come write a review. The packaging is small for convenience, and the Altoids are smaller as well with a square shape, blue hue, and even more delicious taste in my opinion. I definitely prefer them over the regular-size Altoids and will continue purchasing them! Highly recommended!
Fresh scent and taste. Easy to eat one tin in few hours. I use them as favors and everyone loved them.
Hard to find the wintergreen smalls [sugar free] as stores only have the red smalls [peppermint --such a common flavor]. The wintergreen is refreshing and absolutely delicious. Driving cross country, if someone cuts me off, I turn to my daughter with my hand out and say "Wintergreen Me!" She pulls one out, puts it in my hand, and all is right with the world.
we have fed our cats a lot of stuff. These 2 boy cats are not picky eaters. They loved the Purina. They loved the Nutro. They loved the Iams. They love whatever we feed them.<br /><br />This review is based on what we, their affectionate owners love. After a certain age, we were instructed by the vet to consider senior foods- and lower carb foods, because the catties were fatties. We tried a few types of food. Some evinced no change. Some made the litter super-stink.  Some had too small a kibble and the cats barfed it up because they didn't have to chew it to swallow it...<br /><br />This Felidae has done the trick. No problems to speak of. It is consistent in the litter and bearable on the nose. The cats love it. The kibble is sized appropriate to chewing. And here's the kicker:<br />After feeding the cats Felidae, their demeanor improved. Their coats are super soft and lush- both are new improvements we can directly attribute to this food. We're now loyal Felidae consumers.<br /><br />Additionally, the absence of corn product in the feed seems to lessen or remove the reactions of our friends with cat-allergies.
I started my cat on Felidae Platinum about 3 weeks ago and she loves it. She's an older cat, somewhat overweight, and had a grouchy temperament. I first mixed it with her previous food and she figured out which was which -- she ate the Felidae and left the old food! She's now been on just the Felidae for about ten days now, off the old food entirely, and she is a much sweeter, happier cat. I think it must agree with her better or be more easily digested, or something. In any case, I am a happy purchaser of Felidae. I don't agree with the previous reviewer that cats don't like it. Clearly, mine does.
We have three cats, the youngest is about eleven years old, another is fifteen and our oldest is, well ancient.  That is what the vet told us ten years ago.  The youngest is a blob.  When he lays down, he looks like a footstool. The other two are arthritic and skinny.<br /><br />Since we had such success with Canidae Platinum for senior dogs, I figured that we'd give it a try for our cats.  I'd had them on low ash Purina One Urinary tract formula for their entire lives and thankfully we had no UT problems.<br /><br />Buster, the youngest, is still a blob after six months plus on Felidae for Senior and Overweight cats.  However, the other two are now much more active and we can tell that they are really "feeling better" since we changed their food to Felidae.  Even Prissy, the ancient one has started to play and tease the dogs by getting them to chase her, where before when she was on Purina One, all she wanted to do was to sleep.<br /><br />I think that if you can get your cat on this fairly early in their weight problems, it'll be more effective.<br /><br />However, the glucosamine will certainly help your older fur balls have a happier life.
Don't buy just a few of these!  I order these by the case.  I can't even remember the first time I tasted an anchovy stuffed olive but I have tried several of the brands online and this brand is my favorite.
I order these olives a lot. They are un-like any other olives out there. The subtle flavors of the brine go great with cheeses. One of my favorite appetizer treats for guests.
A friend who'd been drinking tea for 80 of his 84 years introduced me to this tea a few months ago. Even took me over to the store and bought me a pound. At $7/lb. in a retail store or a little over $9 with shipping from an online merchant, I think it's great. I've been drinking Earl Grey, English Breakfast, Irish Breakfast, Lapsang Souchong, Assam, etc. Most of them were over $30/lb. with shipping. Aside from the Lapsang Souchong, I think this is a great replacement for all the rest. Has everything I'm looking for in a strong, full-bodied black tea with enough character to keep it from becoming boring. My current favorite afternoon tea. Unless you're extremely jaded or a tea snob, you'll love it.
I love strong, full bodied quality tea and typically drink assam, irish breakfast or early grey tea, but as the other reviewer noted the price per pound can be discouraging. So I have been searching for a quality full bodied tea that wasn't bitter at a more palatable price point, and this certainly fits the bill. And unlike some other teas where they tend to be better in one form or another, i.e. iced vs. hot, this tea is excellent in both forms. I would certainly recommend this to anyone who prefers that smooth full bodied quality tea that doesn't cost an arm and leg.
I drink this tea plain (without sugar or milk), and it has a pleasant aroma.<br /><br />The price from Amazon is cheaper than my local grocery store.  One reviewer is right, I think it has some herbal smell to make up the aroma.  So the label "Imperial Blend" kind of implied the herb.<br /><br />I am not exactly a black tea drinker, so this tea is a surprise, and affordable too.  I usually prefer White Chinese tea, like White Peony, but it is more expensive, and requires lower temperature water.  But this is black tea, and this aroma kind of remind me the 'softness' of white tea.
I've tried a variety of Ahmad tea. Not because I particularly like this brand, but they are just easier to come across.  The Imperial blend, I believe, is the most complex yet well balanced of all the ones I've tried. It's full body like a good cup of Assam, which by no means overpower the delightful, clean taste of Darjeerling, complete with a long lasting note of bergamot. I enjoy it best in the evening. It gives a satisfying and relaxing finish to a busy day.<br /><br />For those interested in the specifics: I use about 3 teaspoons of lose tea in a stainless steel infuser in a 16 oz mug, let it steep in 208F water for 2-3 min, take the infuser out, and drink it without sugar or milk to savor its sophistication.
I have tried literally dozens of teas since being introduced to the Russian custom of preparing and drinking tea, and the Ahmad Imperial blend is probably my favorite of all of these due to the fact that it is equally delicious hot or iced.  I buy the three-packs as needed from Amazon and go through them rapidly. My family loves it and my friends have it in their homes now too, try one box of it and you will love it too.
This is an excellent tea.  One of the best I have ever had.  It is especially great when you prepare it with a samovar.
Makes a tasty, super easy meal, fast. BUT high in calories.<br /><br />The instructions say to saute the veggies first but I recommend cooking the chicken first. The chicken takes longer to cook and the raw chicken ontop of veggies just makes a slimy mess. I made it with snow peas and carrots only. I dont like the little corn.  Added some red pepper flakes for heat and served ontop of rice.  It came out wonderful! Dinner on the table in less than 30mins.
I think I have tried just about every Bloody Mary mixer on the market at one time or the other.  Most have too much sugar or worst, corn syrup.  This mixer is all natural ingredients and very tasty. It does have a little kick. Enjoy.
Might be a little spicy for some, but this stuff rocks. I use 1/2 and1/2 with V8 for a milder version , or the best is a Bloody Caesar!<br />Half mix ,half clamato!
Took me one or two to get used to the pickle taste.  But now aim hooked and have to keep a bottle on hand
I started drinking the power slim tea when I was on the HCG diet to help curb cravings. Since I liked it so well, I tried some of the others and I am now hooked!  They are so satisfying that I drink them all the time.  The Energy gives you that extra pick-me-up in the afternoons that helps keep me going all day, no matter how long.
I'm trying several of the Wu Yi teas. I like this one particularly because of the subtle citrus taste. It also has a natural sweetness.<br /><br />The ingredients include Organic Wu-Li Cliff Oolong Tea (700 mg), Organic Black Tea (600 mg), Organic Green Tea Extract (100 mg), Proprietary blend (600 mg), plus some Ginseng (panax), Orange Peel, Lemon Grass, and Guarana. Other Ingredients: Natual Orange and Citrus flavors.<br /><br />My goal is to drink more tea and less coffee. I am enjoying trying a different kind of tea every day. I'll be coming back to this one.
i cannot live without this citron falksalt, it is wonderful on watermelon, fish, almost any food requiring salt and in my world it all does.  just try it on red juicy watermelon, wonderful experience.
These things are huge! I love the way the crystals crunch, and the flavor is not too overpowering or too subtle. This lemony flavor is my favorite--it's good on almost everything. You'll have plenty of flavored salt for a long time if you buy this.
This is the ultimate puppy food.  The kibbles are great for small breeds.  High in digestible nutrients as opposed to fillers some companies use.  Less waste results from the high quality ingredients.  I have been hunting, training, showing and handling various breeds of dogs for nearly 40 years, with multiple National Champions.  I have been highly satisfied with Eukanuba's quality and the results I have obtained feeding their foods.  My recent purchases are with WAG, through AMAZON.com.  Their prices are the best I have found and they are very good at shipping immediately on items in stock.
The recommendation when we bought our puppies (lhasa/bichon mix and lhasa/poodle mix) was that we continue them on the food that they have had since being weaned. This is a somewhat expensive food so I can't say that we were terribly pleased but we loaded up on the stuff and headed home.<br /><br />Let me just say this, I have had small dogs before. Never have I seen such gas issues. Both of them consistently had foul gas. Consistently. Usually when they're sitting on our laps but, you know. They're dogs.<br /><br />When we got through the first bag of this stuff, we purchased more on amazon. It was a great price for it since we got a 40 lb bag for the price of (I think) a 15 lb bag at Petco. But, they continued to have gas. I mean, they loved the food, don't get me wrong and they loved it more when we'd mix in some water and it would be like soft food. Somehow that made their gas worse but I think I'll have to give that responsible to the speed with which they chowed down- can't blame the food itself for gluttony.<br /><br />Eventually, we switched their food. No more farting. I think it was due to the high fat content which undoubtedly is necessary for very small puppies. They just need that in their diet. I think that we were advised to keep them on it for much longer than was useful (they said up until 1 year). Yeah right, you try dealing with gas for that long. Around 6 mos of age we switched to PuppyChow. Much better. Granted, they don't like it as much, but we humans like it a whole lot better.
A very delicate green tea with a smooth light taste and an subtle floral tones and no bitter aftertaste.<br /><br />In the 20+ years we have been drinking Ahmad teas not even once have we been disappointed. The superb quality of Ahmad teas has remained consistent throughout the years.<br /><br />I am so happy to find Ahmad teas available here (thanks Amazon!) because only a few stores carry it in my area and they are quite a few miles away. The current deal for the pack of 6 is superb (much cheaper than I can find locally).<br /><br />This is a great tasting tea, which I am happy to recommend.
Fresh,a great way to get a little chocolate in my life without a million calories. They taste just like chocolate pudding.
If you like the Ceylon tea variety, you will certainly enjoy and appreciate this tea.<br /><br />I am so happy to find Ahmad teas available here (thanks Amazon!) and very surprised at the negative review from 2009 because in the 20+ years we have been drinking Ahmad teas not even once have we been disappointed. The superb quality of Ahmad teas has remained consistent throughout the years.<br /><br />The current deal for the pack of 4 is very good (cheaper than I can find locally).<br /><br />Highly recommended.<br /><br />NOTE: This listing's description is confusing. Each packet of tea weighs 500 grams, which equals 1.1 pounds or 17.6 ounces.
I've been enjoying this tea for years.  This tea is good mornings, afternoons or evenings.  My local store went out of buisiness....Thanks Amazon!  I use a bodum tea press to prepare a pot.
Hi, I have to have black tea everyday. I have done it in the past 25 years and it's a habit of mine. Ahmad tea is one of my favorite brands and I highly recommend it if you like black tea. I think this is going to remain my favorite for the next 100 years or so :)
I have tried it out despite the other review and I found that this is exactly the same tea i buy in either Russian or Italian groceries.
Ahmad Tea is an excellent looseleaf tea eith hot or for making iced tea. Great flavor with no lingering aftertaste.
I love love love this deal - it's way fun to pick from so many! Teas and chocolates and ciders as well as many coffees. The other outfits that assemble samplers are boring - they do the choosing, and from a much narrower range. The sellers here are very nice, also, and will answer questions via email about the slightly confusing ordering method (it's easy). If you want great packaging, forget it - they ship fast, and the kups are just tossed loose in a box. Who cares?
Once you've tried some random sampler packs (and now are overloaded with decafs,extra bolds, or teas), this is a great way to get exactly the brands or style that you want.  Received the order in a couple of days and was exactly what I ordered.  This was my second order and I'll be ordering this item again.
good products and fast shipping equals a happy me. a little pricey but you can hand pick a few good flavors...a few i cant find anywhere else so def worth the price
If used on a daily basis you will keep your gums healty and between your teeth clean and free of plack.
WOW!  This product is very impressive. I bought the 8oz blueberry and was pleased with packaging, price and shipping.  The powder dissolves instantly.  Even in water!  I've just been mixing a 1/4 tsp in a small glass of water for now and drinking it down and it tastes great!, but will add it to my smoothies and juiced fruit juices next. This product is so economical compared to purchasing fresh blueberries, especially because there is no waste due to mold or overripe berries thrown away.  I think you could add this to baked or unbaked foods as well.  I'm excited to add more of the SuperFoods to my diet in this fast and easy way. I definitely will being trying the other flavors soon.
I am chemical sensitive as well as sugar-free. I have been using this product for over a year. I use it maybe once a week at the most. I drink 1/2 the bottle and then boost my energy after an hour or two depending on how I feel. IMO this doesn't replace my a.m. coffee but is sweet in the early afternoon when I start to fade. Once in a while I drink a full bottle before a workout. I've been drinking Guayaki Yerba Mate teas for years. Compared to the many toxic energy boosters out there I highly recommend this. This product is clean and doesn't leave nasty chems behind in the body. Try it before you judge from a review - everyone's body reacts differently.
These Nature Valley Nut Lovers Variety Pack was perfect. Although I wasn't sure about the peanut butter bar, it was excellent. I loved the Roasted Almond, Roasted Pecan and the Peanut Butter.<br /><br />I will definately buy from this seller again. Quick shipping and very fresh.
Had this shipped to my sister who follows a gluten-free eating plan and she reports that it is very versatile and easier than grinding almonds for a crispy crust on chicken and fish filets. Also uses it in place of bread crumbs in meatloaf and meatballs.  Stays moist when added in place of wheat flour in baking, too. Good product, good value.
These are healthy and my mixed Llasa, Tibetan Terrier adores them. And they are healthy and his breath doesn't smell and his teeth are in good shape because of such products. A great healthy product.
A great healthy chew for my 9 wk old beagle, Rio. He loves the taste and it sure beats my arm.
I really enjoy this product. I had such a hard time finding it affordable in the store. Once I found it I look no further, it's the only sugar I use.  Thanks so much.
"Sugar in the Raw"(tm) Please Harvest Cane w/o Burning<br />To be delivered to: HC&S<br />Dear "Sugar in the Raw" folks,<br /><br />We who buy your product care about the environment. And we'd like to know that you care too. When you burn the cane fields on Maui, it adds to the CO2 and worsens climate change. And the smoke from your burning is damaging the lungs of your workers, your workers' children and the residents of Maui.<br /><br />We love your product and want you to change to no-burn harvesting so we can continue to buy it, knowing we aren't contributing to Global Warming and lung disease.<br /><br />[...]
Love this sugar.  I also get muscavado sugar and they are both great to use in place of regular white sugar. Recommend!
Product is exactly as advertised.  What a savings!  At least half the retail price. Easy to store because of the individual packaging.
It's just sugar in the raw, it's flavor profile is much better then white sugar and it's suppose to be better for you or something. I just wish the bags were resealable.
This is a delicious sugar. It has a pretty light brown color and delicious aroma. But the granules are quite big, however -- bigger than plain refined sugar. This makes is difficult to cream butter and sugar together. But if you use it in a recipe where you will melt the sugar first before baking it, or if you use it to brew beer and plan to boil it to melt it, it is a great product. It would be the perfect sugar if only the granules were a bit finer.
I only use raw sugar, it did seem a little smaller than the normal crystals but it is still good. Will buy again.
This sugar is very good.  Use this in your coffee, cereal, etc for a week and you'll never go back to white sugar, white sugar will taste terrible.  Plus from what I've read, this Raw sugar contains a lot of minerals that are missing in our diets.<br /><br />The product was delivered fast and well-packaged.  My only complaint is the price.  I wish I could find Raw sugar cheaper.  I would be happy to buy in bulk, but this is the cheapest I have found.
I really love this sugar and price-wise it's much cheaper to buy it here on amazon compared to anywhere else.
Love this sugar. It tastes so much better and isn't as overly sweet tasting as "regular" sugar. We've used it in quite a few baking items and they always turn out very good. The price that Amazon has this set at is very good to and makes it easy to use this for everyday stuff.
Can't say anything bad about Sugar in the Raw.  I like it better than the other "natural" sugars. Better consistency and - I know it doesn't matter - but better color. Unfortunately, one of the "natural" paper bags got torn a bit in the box.  It didn't look like the box was damaged so I can't tell how it happened, but it was sort of pain to clean up half a bag that spilled all over the inside of the box and our kitchen when I opened it.  Not sure what the solution is and I'd order it again, but if it happens again, I'd switch to one of the brands that ship in an unnatural plastic bag.
Great service! Items arrived faster than expected. Very efficient! Will use this seller again. I highly recommend this seller! Thank you for the excellent service!
Please ignore the one-star comments, if you check the bag the main ingredient IS in fact whole grain brown rice and the second is rice flower. With anything that is gluten free you have to add another "binder" which is where the corn flour comes in. For someone who has celiac disease and cannot have Sunchips, because they contain wheat (a key binder to any chip, cookie or cereal) this is an excellent product. My spouse and I buy these a lot because they are gluten free and absolutely delicious!
Best flavor ever!  I'm addicted!  They are all good but these are by far the best.  I could live on these!  And there is no need for anymore to say....
So many "healthy" products don't taste very good.  Or taste good when you first try them and then go downhill.  I've had these chips on more than one occasion and they are very tasty.  I've served them to guests twice and both times they wanted to know what they were and where to get them. It's also nice to have something gluten-free for friends who are borderline diabetic...but I would eat them anyway.
I found these crisps at our local WalMart & figured I would give them a try. They were so yummy I may never go back to regular chips, not that I was a big chip fan anyway. The only problem is I can eat the entire bag in one sitting. I give these crisps a big thumbs up!
This is one of the best tasting crisps I have ever eaten! I only buy it on special occassions because I know I'll eat the whole bag.
I use the Rotel Mild and I LOVE this product so much--it saves me on a daily basis.  If you're trying to cook lower fat, healthier foods and in a HURRY, this stuff makes it so much easier.  Ever notice that some canned tomatos have a weird "tin can" taste when you make spagehetti sauce or whatever?  For some reason this product doesn't have that.  It tastes so good you can just dump it in with a can of beans, heat and eat.<br /><br />or add some chili powder and now you have chili soup.  I also make indian dishes with this, and spicey spaghetti sauce.  I also prefer this to most canned salsas, so it works for things like quesadillas if you drain the liquid off.<br /><br />None of my local grocery stores carry it at all, nor do they carry anything like it.  So I have to pay Amazon's inflated price to order this by the case.  I don't like that I'm paying a higher price, but I LOVE LOVE LOVE the product.
the price on this product certainly raises my attention on compairing amazon price with the local stores. i can get a can of this rotel at my local kroger for $1. dissapointing!
This is a fantastic product, and I wish it was readily available in most stores. It's taste is not the greatest, but it's a 2.5 oz. shot, and it's gone in a second. It tastes, more or less, like a concentrated sweet tea. For the record, I've had 5 hour energy, and that tastes FAR worse. I will put up the taste for the results. It's got 150mg of caffeine, which is the equivalent of the big red bulls and monsters. I can't stand sucralose and sugar substitutes, and this is one of the only shot sized energy drinks that has only sugar in it. The sugar is at 9g, which isn't horrible. I used to drink 4 16oz. Red Bulls a day for the caffeine, and this gives me far better energy, and is much more subtle. My preference is black coffee, but I can't drink 8-12 cups a day anymore. Overall, Steaz does it right; real organic ingredients in moderate amounts, and they create big results.
I have to get up really early to work out before work and I get super tired by the middle of the afternoon. I was drinking one 5 hour energy, usually extra strength, each day. It worked well, but gave me a jittery feeling, almost headachy but not quite. My husband got me to try this and I was skeptical, but for me it works as well if not better than the 5 hour energy and doesn't give me that jittery almost-headache feeling.<br /><br />I don't mind the taste--it reminds me of the inside of a fig newton (mmm). And the price is ok, on Amazon anyway. At my grocery store they were almost $3 each, yike!<br /><br />And it's organic--so I can feel good about it, right? It's all about me feeling good!
I bought these for my husband and he said they are the best energy shots out there. He takes one in the mornings and works hard all day. Good stuff!
If you want an organic energy shot, your choices are this one from Steaz and the assorted flavors from Guayaki. Guayaki Yerba Mate is actually in the Steaz energy shot and energy drinks, and they both use Sambazon Acai, so there are some similarities in ingredients.<br /><br />Great energy burst for 4+ hours on a Steaz Energy Shot, and no withdrawals or headaches afterwards. Plan on drinking one every day at lunch at work. This will help me cut down on my iced coffees, which are not helping my calorie intake.<br /><br />Already ordering 12-packs on subscribe and save, 2 per month. Great value.
I was looking for a natural energy shot that works, and I found it. Steaz energy shot is my favorite!<br /><br />I recently had gastric bypass surgery, so tons of sugar is a no-no. And I'm also allergic to Sucralose (Splenda) so most other energy drinks are out.<br /><br />I tried Bazi energy shots and they didn't work as well as Steaz, and definitely didn't taste as well. These have a taste that's almost like Coca-Cola--not bad at all.<br /><br />If you're looking for natural energy, give these a try.
I had tried both of the Guayaki energy shots and I don't like the taste of either of them! This one has more natural caffeine and tastes much better. I like them cold for sure. My husband and I take these on road trips in a little cooler with ice and waters and we don't have to make stops for coffee! Especially on the turnpikes where it's just way too expensive. It's worth the $[...] per shot. We normally split them. I'm really sensitive to caffeine, even the natural kind so I get a little weird if I drink the whole thing but that's the same for coffee too for me. My husband drinks the whole shot and gets a nice wake up boost. I would recommend these over any of the sinthetic shots out there. You can feel good about putting this in your body! I'll be ordering again soon for sure =)
I've been feeling extremely tired around the late afternoon. As a software engineer, this is entirely unacceptable! So, I asked the nice lady at the counter of my local Whole Foods Market, for something that will give me that extra energy I need to get through the day.<br /><br />She excitedly returned with a suspicious little green bottle. Over three hours after drinking whatever that was, my brain is still working at unnatural speeds. To summarize my experiences: I believe this works.<br /><br />She did explain that I needed to drink plenty of water with it, which I personally feel helped the energy level. So if you're feeling tired during the day and hate coffee, give this a shot - preferably before you eat anything.<br /><br />Woot!
The energy shot truly does work! It had a terrible after-taste at first, but now that I know what to expect, I am getting used to it. I always have some water handy as a chaser...which helps! I am so glad to have found something that gives me the energy I need without all the chemicals found in other beverages. It's helped me kick my addiction to Diet Coke and other aspartame-laced caffeinated beverages. Yay!!!
I've tried 5-hour energy, red rain, NOS, and other energy shots.  This is my favorite in terms of taste and effect.  Plus, it's somewhat reassuring to know that natural ingredients are used.  Sometimes I wonder what I'm really putting into my body with some of the other brands.  I purchase a box about once every 2 months for the past 2 years.
If you're looking for an energy boost without artificial sweeteners and other chemicals, this is a great option.  The taste is decent and it is a nice smooth uplift without jitters.
I first found Steaz Berry Energy Shots at a local organic market. I bought two bottles, which cost just under three dollars each. I fell in love instantly. The drink is delicious -- I can taste the yerba mate and the acai juice, like a slightly bitter fruity chocolate honey tea. I am very sensitive to sucralose (Splenda) which is in so many energy drinks these days; I also hate the taste. I love that Steaz has actual sugar and no artificial sweeteners. The rush it gives me is slow and even. I have several medical conditions, including fibromyalgia, which saps me of energy and causes intense pain. I like how Steaz helps clear away the fatigue and fog so I can get things done. No caffeine jitters, even though there are 150 mg of caffeine in each bottle.<br />It was becoming expensive for me to buy the bottles separately at stores, so I started looking online for a bulk price. I am so thrilled to have found the Pack Of 12 on Amazon. I signed up for Amazon Prime specifically for this product, hah!
I have tried other energy shots and this one is the only one that really makes me feel good and energized without any other sides effects at all, its also the best taste, others taste like medicine, this one has a tea fresh taste. I love it.
I drive OTR...Over the Road truck and this helps to keep me alert. It has no sugar high & no crash. I'm on a autoship which i like. The price is very good. I've seen it over 2 bucks in the store.
Products takes pretty good, and it doesn't leave you gittery.  With subscibe and save as well as Prime membership I pay below $ 2 a shot.  My wife tried them and now she drinks them like they are going out of style.  I moderate mine and they make for more effective use before weight training.  I recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a healthier alternative to high sugar and unnatural products that are everywhere that still gives you the results of an AWESOME Energy Drink.
I use this product daily, and it provides a steady stream of energy.  I do not get jittery or crash.  It also helps me practice portion control because it acts as a slight appetite suppressant.
I've been buying and drinking this for over a year now, and the energy boost is excellent, with a continuous, ~6-hour effect. The most recent shipments seem to have improved the flavor slightly as well, or perhaps I'm getting more used to it. I don't drink it for the flavor, but it's not as heinous as the fake flavors found in the other, non-organic energy shots.
I loved this mold!  I wished I could have used it for more than one occasion, but it didn't last.  I did use it to make 30+ suckers for my daughter's first birthday. But there was going to be no way that the mold could be salvaged after that.  I would have liked to have kept to use on other occasions, but for the price it didn't matter to me that much.  It served it's main purpose :)
You HAVE to try the VANILLA Tootsie Rolls!  The regular chocolate ones are good, but THESE are the BEST EVER!!
Try this you might like it. I did and I am quite addicted, it is too easy to prepare, it tastes great and it absorbs the flavors you cook it with. The price is really good and well worth the purchase. If you like this type of Couscous like I do, then give this one a try.It can be eaten hot, room temp or in a cold salad with a variety of greens and other flavors, it takes on the other flavors very well when mixed. I cooked the Couscous with a broth and oilive oil for added flavor and it rocked my taste buds big time. I will be back for more.
This tri-color couscous is really good...full of flavor and fun to eat.  I love the texture.  I cook in chicken broth and add some minced garlic and chopped herbs (parsley, cilantro,) along with some red pepper flakes.  At the end of cooking, I add some olive oil and this makes a wonderful side dish...Highly recommend
I tried to find israeli couscous in a number of upsacale grocery stores and no luck.  So I decided to try good ole Amazon.com and selected this product.  It is so good..add a few herbs and it's a great side dish, or add more and make a "pasta type" salad.so very good.  I am hooked.  Great flavor and so easy to prepare!
I love ordering whole bean coffee on Amazon.  I like this so much that this my first product review.  I have to say that I'm usually not a big fan of flavored coffee, but I thought I would give it a try.  When my husband started grinding it up, I could smell it throughout the house.  Sometimes with flavored coffees, the smell is there but the taste isn't.  However, not with this one.  I'm now going to order another flavor from this company and will give it a try.
I love this coffee. I do wish it came already ground as I don't have a grinder and use a blender instead. But it's worth it. Many flavored coffees I've tried only seem to have a flavored odor that doesn't reach the coffee, but this one manages both.
This brand of coffee has been available in my local stores for some time -- I've believe the company is local.  I've been drinking it for quite some time and have not tired of it.  I'm particularly fond of the Turtle Sundae but all the flavors are good.  I can't say that I've had a bad one.<br /><br />As it turns out, it's less expensive to order it from Amazon and have it show up at my front door than it is for me to run out to the local Walmart to get it.  It's a no brainer.  Try it, if you like rich, flavored coffee, you'll like it.
It is hot! I love it, tasty and a little sweet. I usually scoff at salsas labeled as hot, but this one lives up to its billing.
I consume about a jar every two weeks of this, either adding it to fajitas or using it as a corn chip dip.  It is hot, but after awhile the medium Salsa Suprema was too mild for me; I thought maybe I'd cut down how much I ate by going to the hot Salsa Ranchera.  It's hot enough that people who aren't used to it will say "That's hot!".<br /><br />Flavor: bright and forward.  The similarly hot Salsa Victoria is a duller taste to me, I guess earthy.  This salsa is much brighter in the mouth.  I don't like to go hotter than this because the sauces I've tried lose any resemblance to yummy salsa and just taste hot (this happens to me with Tabasco sauce, for example).<br /><br />A drawback is La Victoria doesn't make a larger bottle of Salsa Ranchera nor Salsa Victoria, nor do they sell them in [...] or Sam's Club.  To get a good deal you have to watch for sales.
service was great, but I meant to buy Swiss Chalet chicken SAUCE not the Marinade :)<br /><br />Love the sauce - have yet to try the marinade
Use frequently as we like to do Asian dishes at least once a week.  Love this product.  Fast shipping, as usual.  Would buy again.
These individually wrapped pieces are delicious (although I wish there were a few more). Mildly sweet with no sugar-free aftertaste, even a traditional "marzipan-aholic" should enjoy these.
Put this in my husbands stocking for Christmas and it was a hit.
i love the convenience of the singles. The best creamer around.Taste is just like the big bottle. I can stick them in my purse and take them to work.
These creamers come in 4 packs of 25. I have taken one to work and opened one for home so far, and haven't found a single broken or leaking creamer yet. I usually have way too much cream and sugar in my coffee, but with these it is easy for me to cut down on the sweetness because I won't allow myself more than 2 creamers per cup. I think this is definitely the best option for buying creamers from Amazon since all the other listings have a lot of complaints about creamers breaking in shipping!
Even though we are International Delight fans we were not completely dissapointed by this product. We had no problem with the shipment, but the creamer itself is thinner than International Delight. Other than that we are happy :D
Besides the obvious convenience and portability of the individual creamers, I liked this item specifically because of packaging. I couldn't believe how many reviews I read about coffee creamer cups; but many of the Amazon creamer options (both Coffeemate and International Delight) had multiple negative reviews due to the shipment arriving with broken cups thanks to sloppy packaging.<br /><br />That was not an issue here. The shipment arrived in four dispensing boxes of 50 each (as shown in the photo); those boxes were tightly packed in a thick cardboard box which could take a good beating before damaging the inner boxes. Thus, none of my cups were broken, no waste and no sloppy drippy mess. Plus the four boxes means I could put one in the kitchen, one in the bathroom (we moved our mini Keurig there when we upgraded the kitchen Keurig - best idea my husband ever had), and one at work, with a reserve for whichever runs out first.<br /><br />If you are looking for these mini creamers but deterred like I was by the negative packaging reviews on other options, this is your best bet. As a bonus, the auto delivery price is very reasonable.
This seller is very nice.  And the price is very good.  The only reason I stop ording is bacause I went to sugar free, and at that time he did not have it.  But for those of you that don't have to watch there fat in take, I would get this product from them.
I purchased these coffee mate singles to use at work along with the coffee "tea" bags.  They're great because they don't require refrigeration.
I found these new spring Pop-Tarts and bought them on a whim.  My kids and I were amazed and delighted at the fun, colorful, amazingly detailed artwork on these Pop-Tarts.  Fantastic for after school snacks, lunch boxes, and school treats. Tie with a ribbon for a bright "thinking of you this spring" gift.  The only challenge is finding more in stores.  Way to go Kellogg's - fantastic product!
Yes, I am having a cup right now.  I went all over town looking for this coffee after been invited to a non profit organization to a banquet and besides the delicious food they top it off with this amazing delicious coffee.  I paid and extra 20 bucks to get it right way and it is worth the money. Highly recommend.
This is honestly THE BEST seasoning salt in all the land.  It tightens up any dish; not spicy, just perfectly seasoned.  It's perfect, hence, my purchase of this 35 oz. mamma jamma.
The order arrived as advertised. I have had only a few chances to use it, but it is awesome. The flavor is exactly what I hoped for! It may take me a while to finish the entire gallon, but I will definnantly order again!
I like a lot of sesame oil and use it in salads regularly.  Great quality, flavor and aroma.  Can't beat that its organic!
Bought a set of two when my son was about 6 months, and we started taking them with us whenever we went out to eat.  I cut up cantaloupe, apple, banana (even used sweet potatoes a few times)-- just whatever I could get at the restaurant-- and it would keep my son busy long enough that I could actually eat!  It's great because I didn't have to be overly worried about him choking on big chunks, and he got to try out new foods.  I wouldn't hesitate to buy this again.
I have a slightly different version of this - different brand.  My son started using it around six months, and he really enjoys it.  He DOES get messy if he eats something sticky or juicy like banana or watermelon, but whatever...  Anyway, I also had trouble cleaning it, until I tried scrubbing it with a nail or vegetable brush.  That works pretty well.  It takes some time, but not as much as it would take to run food through a food mill or blender, or cut it up, then clean it up off him, the chair, the floor, the dog, me, well you get the picture.
What a GREAT idea!!!! My daughter love it.<br />I don't think is difficult to wash, I mean, is not like just toss water and that's it... but, come on!!!!<br />Absolutely recommend it!
I loved this product for fruits and other food that I didn't want my new baby to choke on.  I also used it to put ice in when my baby was teething. It worked great for this, as well as for the food. I didn't like bananas in it though-impossible to get clean!
This product is amazing. I know a few people with little ones that use these and they LOVE them!! Super easy to clean and use. When ordering these, I was under the impression that there were 2 per package...FYI-they're not!! Only one per...
I ordered these for my coffee themed wedding. When they arrived I had to fight off friends because they smelled and tasted so good. I literally had to hide the box to the wedding! They were a big hit on my wedding day and there were none left over that we put on the tables. It was a great tasting product for the lowest price I've seen!
"These are delicious! The chocolate is excellent and the espresso bean was the perfect roast for this purpose. Crunchy and not bitter."<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00067AD4U">Chocolate Covered Espresso Beans 5 Pounds</a>
The product was exactly as advertised and fresh.  Unfortunately, I keep them in a candy dish in the office and they are going fast.  We need to reorder to keep up with "demand"
These chocolate covered espresso beans are wonderful!  The chocolate is very dark and rich and the "bean" inside is a very delightful blend of flavors with just enough caffine to really give it a zing.
Popchips are so good.  I have been following Weight Watchers and lost 50 pounds and am at my goal.  These Popchips are my salty crunchy indulgence.  They taste so  good,
I've purchased dozens of bags of this pancake mix (which is a great product, by the way).  This is the highest price I've seen.  Whole Foods carries this item and it's been on sale there for $9.99 (that's Canadian dollars, too, as I'm in Canada).  It's even cheaper on Baker's Box's own website, and they're the company selling this product through Amazon. For a two-pack they should be charging $20 or less.  What gives?  I thought Amazon was where you could find competitive prices.
The Sugar was sweet, that can not be denied.  As advertised, It didn't melt when baked either.  However, it will not do for your Liege Waffles/Gaufres what the larger pebbles of Belgian pearl will do.  These grains are smaller, think pretzel salt, or seed pearls.
That's exactly what I was looking for to bake some chouquettes (puffs with small sugar pearls on top). Works great, yum!!
This is what I was looking for and was missing it. The taste is exactly the taste as the one made in India so just loved it and remember my days back in India. Definitely recommend it.
I bought this strawberry extract hoping to spruce up a strawberry wine that ended up with less flavor than I'd original expected. (A common problem in some fruit wines.)<br /><br />This is, indeed, good strawberry flavor!  Just add to your sugary concoction (be it a baking good, a dessert or a drink) to either give strawberry flavor (or add to existing flavor), and presto, just about everyone will be licking their lips (and maybe fingers).<br /><br />For those interested, I found the right addition to a liquid volume to be 4 oz of extract per 1 gallon of liquid.
Great stuff and dependable, especially when there are a million brands "out there" to choose from.  I love the stuff.  For really high end desires, I go with the Apollo Olive Oils from California.  But I buy a whole lot more of this stuff and will buy it again and again.
I hadn't tried (or heard of) till recently Weavers not it's my favorite. I am running through the list of types they have looking for a favorite and haven't found one yet, they're all so darned smooth. No bite, no after taste, a little pricy but still worth it. No worse price wise than starbucks or peets. Will keep running through the list here and see what happens. Love them all so far.
Having always been a strict Peet's Coffee lover, I was reticent to switch brands but Weaver's won my heart!! The taste is clean and strong, the ethos is correct (organic, baby) and even the packaging is very zen and appropriate. Be still my caffeinated heart!
Go ahead and drink the other brands served at your neighborhood cafe if you must but make sure you have a stash of Weaver's Peru Organic Whole Bean at home to serve up to your friends and family who deserve the best coffee.  And when you go back to that corner cafe where people drink average coffee because they don't know better, take along a travel mug filled with Weaver's coffee from home and enjoy a real Cup of Joe.  Er, Weaver's.
Im learning that Latin American and South American coffees have this distinct "coffee" caramelish finish.  As a Peets Coffee fanatics we learned that Weavers roaster was the roaster for Peet's and we are hooked !  I already reviewd the French and Organic blend, but I must say this coffee here is a perfect afternoon drink.<br />Met the weavers team at the Warner Brothers party and they gave me a half a pound of french roast.  Since them we are fans.<br />You wont be dissapointed !
I like eating these whenever I need an energy boost.<br />It has everything that I am searching for in a, "To Go Snack".<br />Fiber plus Chocolate is never a bad thing!!!
These are my favorite bars ever. The combo of raisons and dark choc is wonderful! Very filling! These are hard to find in the stores. I'm thankful for subsrcibe and save!
My fiance loves these dark chocolate and nut granola bars and all the grocery stores around us don't carry them anymore!  Once again, Amazon came through and he couldn't be happier.
I was buying Quaker Oats granola bars but these Nature Valley chewy bars are better tasting, they make a great snack when I'm on the go. Chocolate, peanuts and raisins...it doesn't get any better.
Hard to get husband to eat breakfast before school.  He takes two bars now and is very happy to do so.  It is often hard to find flavor in local grocery stores.  So again, Amazon.com came through with a reasonable price.  Now, I came keep the husband's breakfast ready as he runs out the door in the mornings.  I often like to have a bar in the evening as a night snack.
"Nantucket Blend coffee is one of my favorites.  I was suprised that it was a single box.  every time I ordered before it was a 2 pack.  My fault for not reading closer.  I will not order any more at this price for 1 (24 count)
Green Mountain "Nantucket Blend" K-Cups make a very good cup of coffee in my <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000AQPMHA">Keurig B-40 B40 Elite Gourmet Single-Cup Home-Brewing System</a>. This is a very smooth tasting brew that my wife prefers over the <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0029XDZIK">Coffee People, Donut Shop K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 50) [Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging</a>] I generally drink in the morning.<br /><br />These are good on both "Small" and "Large" cup settings as well.<br /><br />Highly Recommended!<br /><br />CFH
When we received our Keurig Elite for Christmas, we were so excited to break open the sample pack of pods to try out different blends and flavors. Of the 12 pods we had in the box, four were Green Mountain Coffee brand. I'd never tried anything from this company before, but from what I had researched online, they have the largest range of Keurig pods and have even bought out competitors to produce coffee under their brand names as well.<br /><br />Unfortunately, I was immediately disappointed by the quality of the coffee. We tried their Dark Magic, Decaf and Breakfast Blend and all were underwhelming, to say the least. I was almost completely set on writing off Green Mountain altogther.<br /><br />We had one GM pod left and being of the mindset of waste-not-want-not, I figured I'd give it one last go around before forgetting about them completely. And I'm glad I did.<br /><br />The Nantucket Blend is a perfectly pleasing cup of coffee. It is nice and flavorful without being thick and pungent (unlike some of the other GM blends we tried). I added some flavored creamer to it and it almost measures up to our go-to Caribou Blend pods. Almost. All in all, this is a very standard cup of coffee which, while it isn't anything new or exciting, is very pleasing and definitely one of the better Keurig options we've been able to test out. When we run out of all the pods we've accumulated, I'll probably pick up a box of these as well.<br /><br />Now that I know Green Mountain isn't completely disappointing I'll definitely be open to trying a few more of their coffees (with our promotion for getting the bewer we ordered <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004I3Y4IE">Green Mountain Coffee Golden French Toast,  K-Cup Portion Pack for Keurig K-Cup Brewers, 24-Count</a> to try as well) and see how it goes from there.<br /><br />If you're looking for a go-to choice, this is your cup!
Green Mountain is my favorite brand. Nantucket is my favorite coffee from Green Mountain. Very smooth flavor. Not too strong and not too weak.
I was looking for a replacement for Timothy's Kona Blend which is no longer carried on Amazon.  This coffee from Green Mountain is very nice, but not strong enough for me.  If you like milder coffees, then this one is for you.
One of Green Mountains best blends of coffee in my opinion,love it for your everyday blend, perfect stregnth, excellent blend!
This is just Fantastic Chicken Noodle soup, the best I have ever eaten, with large hearty chunks of chicken,and vegetables and nice large noodles. This soup is just so full bodied, and is seasoned just right.  I am so glad Amazon carries this product.  I just can't find it here in Vermont.
I have used this oil for several years and it is the best for eating with bread or cooking,  I love the regular, I use it on everything. You won't be sorry you tired it, great for dipping bread and cooking omelet, and green beans.
Oh my gosh, is this good!  Like most people, I've been eating ketchup my whole life and never really thought anything about it.  Then Hubby brought a jar of this home.  The tomato flavor is amazing.  I will never buy store ketchup every again.
Sir Kensington's did a great job of updating the classic ketchup with this wonderful product. The refreshed taste of this Ketchup is a great update, and now leaves me disappointed when I'm given Heinz while out at a restaurant.<br /><br />For you Heinz die hard fans out there, this is not the ketchup for you. But for those of you who wish you always knew what ketchup could be without the chemical aftertaste found in Heinz, be sure to give this Ketchup a try.<br /><br />Don't forget the spiced variety. Purchasing the pack with both the classic and spiced variety for your first Sir Kensington experience is definitely the way to go.
This is ridiculous.  The best gourmet ketchup I have ever tasted.  It is pricey, but wow..love this stuff.  It would make a great gift for someone who is hard to buy for but loves their ketchup.  Yummy!
The tomatoes are the star of the classic flavor.  It is clean and really fresh!  Perfect on an avocado chicken sandwich.<br /><br />The spicy flavor is more complex and is the best ketchup I have ever tried.  It is so good I have now used it on foods that would make me seem crazy!
I have been using porcini mushrooms in my cooking for twenty plus years. The Roland extra fancy porcinis that I purchased from you are the best that I have ever used, including the mushrooms that I bought in Italy and transported back to the USA.
I was pretty pleased with these mushrooms. They were mostly large pieces, re-hydrated well and had good flavor. I'd estimate about 25% of the contents were broken into medium to small pieces, most likely due to the shaking about in transit. Not a problem since I sometimes break the large pieces into smaller ones for some recipes. There was a small amount (perhaps an ounce or so) of very small/minced-size/dust-like pieces. Still useful to add into gravies and the like. Nothing gets wasted!<br /><br />The label says it is a product of China and Italy. Nothing was specified as to the proportion from each country.<br /><br />I'm quite fond of dried mushrooms. While they may lack the texture you can get only when using fresh ones, the convenience of always having them on hand is a big plus. Additionally, I find the broth used to re-hydrate them adds a wonderful flavor to soups and stews. To save time and add flavor, I sometimes add the dried mushrooms directly into the soup or stew without re-hydrating them. Really helps meld all the flavors together. I also am fond of adding some to the cooking water when boiling pasta. The pasta picks up a wonderful earthy flavor when it cooks in the mushroom-infused water.<br /><br />This was the first time I used the Roland brand (got it on a price dip from the Amazon Warehouse), and would certainly buy them again. Highly recommend.
If you are a peanut lover, these are for you. Much larger than cocktail peanuts. Six people on my Christmas gift list ask for these every year!!
The cashews were nice and big, with the vast majority being whole.  There were a number of small pieces at the bottom of the bag, but that's pretty expected with so many cashews.  They made an absolutely excellent cashew brittle.<br /><br />My order took just over a week to arrive, which was pretty decent considering it was shipped across the country.  They came double bagged in clear plastic bags, and in two 5 lb portions.  This was highly convenient since I could just throw one of the bags into the freezer until I was ready to work with it.<br /><br />Great value for the price.
Although there were several "shriveled" ones, they taste just fine.  I mostly use them to make vegan sauces and other recipes that call for running them through a food processor so they don't have to look perfect anyways.  For the price, they are a great deal (about half of what I find them for in the store)
I ordered these after a fair bit of searching online - even ordering the smaller 1-3oz bags. I will admit, I was a bit sceptical when I ordered this since it was not cheap and had no idea how good (or bad) the cashews would be...<br /><br />The order came in pretty fast - like 3 days. The cashews were fresh and whole - with like 10 broken pieces. They were in 2 5lb bags sealed with clear tape.. first I found it odd but then it turned out to be a good deal; considering the second pack stayed fresh till I opened them. The trick is to actually keep them in an air-tight box so that they stay fresh longer.<br /><br />The only negative I can think of is that the price went up abt $5.00 for the 10lb since I bought them.
These nuts arrived fresh and are very tasty.  They are not broken or dirty looking like cashews sometimes can.
I bought these for my boyfriend who really likes honey roasted pecans in salads that I have at a couple of restaurants. Plus, he likes nuts, pecans, almonds peanuts. He loved these. I actually ordered 3 cans instead of the gift tin, so he could take one to work, or his place, and stay fresh longer. Although I don't think freshness will be an issue, they won't last long......lol
Got this free with another order I placed.  I couldn't believe how much the cats loved it. I will buy again for sure.
This is a great ham soup base.  I have used it in Ham and beans and seasoned greenbeans.  Great flavor
Before I discover this mix on Amazon I always bought it in Whole Food Store.<br />I like this mix and when I am doing the pancakes they came very delicious and fluffy.<br />Just one small secret: Try to add the Seltzer water instead of regular one.
I appreciate the fact that I can buy this product online and have free shipping. This is a great all around mix that is very good with a wonderful texture. Thanks again amazon.
Arrowhead Mills Buttermilk Pancake mix is my favorite mix.  It tastes great, cooks up light and fluffy and is super easy to make.  Although it can be made using water, I think it's better made with milk.  I love it with pure organic maple syrup.
The pancakes taste great without any recipe adjustments for my son's egg allergy.  It's also great for camping or any time you'd like to be able to make pancakes without having fresh eggs available.
HEY! These are GREAT Waffles and Pancakes! We have to add 50% more mix, tho, as the recipies on the bag are VERY thin. But we have a lot of fun with this Arrowhead Mills Buttermilk Pancake & Waffle Mix! We serve them "as is" with fried eggs and REAL maple syrup, <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002483TSQ">Butternut Mountain Farm Vermont Pure Maple Syrup, Grade A Dark Amber, 1 Pint Jug</a>, or with warm strawberry jam and whipped cream, or Cool Whip, or add brown sugar to the mix to change the flavor and make a crispy waffle, or add 1/4 cup sugar and 1/4 cup malted milk powder <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001EQ4HVC">Carnation Malted Milk, Original, 13-Ounce Jars (Pack of 3)</a>, for awesome gourmet pancakes and waffles like they serve at the Hilton! Its handy to have extra bags on hand, too, and you cant beat the Subscribe and save price. This mix is 70% ORGANIC, too!
We are glad we found this mix as we make pancakes without eggs for my son who has an allergy.<br />They taste fine for our family- we like them many ways!
A good tasting light chip that has some value in nutrition.  Everyone get the munchies....is this is a good alternative to eating potato chips!
This is a wonderful warm flavored tea, especially now in colder weather.<br />This tea has a sweet,soothing chamomile fragrance. It is subtle and sweet.It's one of the better chamomile teas.<br />If you find it hard to sleep at times, a cup of this sweet chamomile tea may help.<br />If you really like sweet taste try Bigelow Chamomile Mango Herbal Tea.<br />I highly recommend both.
This is one of the best mint chocolate syrup I've ever had so far.  The others pale in flavor by comparison.  There are only seven ingredients in this sauce, including organic natural mint flavor.  In the past I used ice cream heavy with other flavors like butterscotch, chocolate chips, Oreo cookies, caramel et al, because the mint flavor of other mint chocolate sauces was too pale.  Now I buy plain vanilla or chocolate ice cream and the minty flavor of the Santa Cruz Organic Mint Chocolate syrup really stands out but doesn't overpower the flavor of the ice cream. There are only 110 calories.  And because the mint flavor is very apparent to my taste, I use it sparingly, so this 15.5 oz container last a bit longer than the other syrups I used.
This is a simple product and it is simply good.  There are no extra ingredients that are hard to pronounce and have you scouring the internet finding out what they are.  It is a bit thinner consistency than the usual syrup, so use caution the first time you go to squeeze some out.  This will be great for people who like mint, it has a much stronger mint flavor than chocolate.  I use it in my coffee with a bit of half and half, tastes great.  Sometimes simple is better.
A grande item !  Delicious fish with the ultimate flavor, best  ever in a can for all purposes !  I sent a case to my Mother recently diagnosed with Diabetes, and she loves it as a main entree for cooking patties !
I ordered this product at the same time as the Kirkland Signature salmon.  The Raincoast Trading Co. salmon is very tasty, equally as good quality salmon as the Kirkland.  However, the Raincoast arrived in perfect condition, the Kirkland cans were dented badly.  I recommend this product to anyone who likes boneless skinless canned salmon.
This tea tastes almost as good as the tea you would get at an Indian restaurant. It's much better than getting a teabag and making it the English way, with a lot of water and a bit of milk. This is very creamy and tasty. My only criticism is that there aren't enough sachets in the box. Only 10. Since the directions say that you use one sachet for 100ml of water (approximately half a cup), it's not enough for a good cup of tea, so I use two. That means that one box is only good enough for five cups of tea. But it's a delicious after-dinner drink! I would buy this again if there were more sachets in a box.
i love this product cant find it locally. Sometimes little out of the way stores have it.But i also love the chicken,pork chop bags.Every store i go in i look for them the lastplace i found it was at a meat market.
This is the best way to cook a roast.  Our local grocery went out of buisness and so I could not find this product till I looked here.  Please continue to keep this product available!
It's always a pleasure to find French's products on the web.  All of the markets in my area have made a bargain to carry nothing but McCormacks bland and tasteless seasonings.<br /><br />This is the most flavorful cooking bag mix you will ever find.
If you like Oreo's or the Oreo cakester, then you've got to try the Double Stuff cakesters!!! These are the best!! Side note: shipping was very slow, but maybe your chances will be better.
I was surprised about how good this was my family and friends laughed when I told them I bought this. But out of the can ready mix with a little salt, pepper, spinach, and some cheese and it's a great easy meal!
The thing about Marmite is that those who don't like it hate it, and those who love it can't live without it.  It's very much "an English thing" and the language has even adopted the trade name as a metaphor (as in "Victoria Beckham is Marmite" meaning that those who don't like her...etc.).  Amazon has done the world a favor by making this weird and wonderful stuff available at an affordable price.  Last time I looked, it was $25 a 500g jar in British stores in L.A.County, or about 4x what it costs in England.  The Amazon supplier was quick and efficient, and I now have enough Marmite to last me to the end of the year (or would have, if I didn't decide to send one of the two jars to my son in Japan!).  Good job, Amazon!
Whats there to say about a fantastic chocolate chip cookie! The only thing that could be improved is if they offered a bushel box of these so you would not run out so fast. Hope these don't go the way of the dinosaur!
These arrived on time and packaged in green plastic wrap.  The cookies were as fresh as the boxes found in the local grocery store.<br /><br />I have no complaints but I also now have no more cookies. We ate them all!
I was not expecting to like these cookies as much as I do. I like chocolate chip cookies well enough, but I really prefer a soft cookie to crisp ones. I have to say these Famous Amos cookies have pertty much turned me around. The cookies are rich and have that depth of flavor that comes from quality ingredients. The chips are real chocolate and melt redilly in your mouth creating a moist experience while chewing. These are truly great cookies.
They aren't fattening and they're good for you, right? That's what I heard, at least, from an admittedly unreliable person.
Great if you are cutting back on fat, they do resemble regular chips but are nothing like them. Extremely dry and hard.
I have never met a Kettle brand chip I did not like. These chips have a great loaded potato flavor, which are flavorful. I like the sweet onion chips better, but these are also at the top of the list for great-tasting potato chips. Kettle chips are great chips f/the money!
After buying bags one at a time (at a hefty markup) at nearby stores, I decided to try bulk ordering some snack foods on Amazon. I was very pleased with the price and the products.<br /><br />These jalapeno kettle chips are not overly spicy; they have a slow-building spice that starts very subtly a grows if you eat the whole bag, which I'm embarrassed to say I did quite a few times.<br /><br />The chips arrived well-packed and fresh. They had nearly a year of time before they expired, which is pretty impressive for chips.<br /><br />Most importantly, the price-per-bag was much, MUCH better than any local store could do, although I live near an expensive city, so that may play a role in the price difference.<br /><br />I wouldn't hesitate to order another box of these once I run out.
I buy mostly for vending, so the size of the bag is important. Kettle's 1 oz bag is a good size although it seems a bit less than full. Salt & Vinegar flavor is satisfying, about an 8 out of 10.
Glad to find these in a one ounce size but the bag seems a bit less than full. It's hard to find single serving chip bags that vend well. Sometimes they are too wide. or too plump with air. Bag size is good. BBQ flavor is about an 8 out of 10.
one of the best chips that you can buy...and i've tried all the kettle varieties, and many others.  There's only a slight taste of jalapeno, and they are delicious. Perfect with a sandwich or alone.<br />If you like being addicted, these are the chip for you. ...See you at addicts anonymous...
The title says it all. Great flavor, hint of spice, excellent crunch. We eat Kettle chips by the truck load at my house, we like all the flavors but this one far and away is our favorite, never enough bags to get us to our next shipment. I just wish Amazon could get the larger bags on subscribe and save! If you buy these make sure you have enough for everyone otherwise you may not get enough for yourself!!!
WOW!  I have eaten quite a few potato chips in my day. Kettle chips are the BEST non-baked chips I have eaten. I decided to try the sweet onion chips, since I've never had them. I now have a FAVORITE!! If you like onions, this is a MUST buy! I will definitely reorder these, as I mentioned above, they are the BEST I have ever eaten! The flavor is GREAT.
I cannot say how much I love Kettle brand potato chips. Kettle brand has a large variety of unique flavors, and the quality of the chips themselves blows all other potato chips out of the water. The ingredients list is printed on each bag and the only thing really bad for it is the oil they are frying the chips in. I love that these aren't filled with nasty chemicals. I ordered the cheddar and sour cream krinkle cut ones which are great but I was torn between the <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0048IFUSC">Kettle Brand Potato Chips Fully Loaded Baked Potato, 2-Ounce (Pack of 24)</a> and the Jalapeno flavor. While I know the jalapeno flavor is good but this is way better. They include liquid smoke instead of actual bacon which I'm fine with since I've a vegetarian. I ordered this to give to guests coming from out of town for my wedding this spring and I can't guarantee how many I will have left. My fiance and I love these. The packaging is perfect for anyone who is giving these to kids to take for school lunches, or handing out in gift bags, even just for portion control.
Now, I haven't done a side-by-side comparison, but these chips still taste like the real deal. These snack sized bags do as well as the regular brand at the grocery store I work for. Portion control AND reduced fat? Yes, please!  With the Subscribe & Save these are much cheaper than at the grocery store.
I love Kettle Brand Chips!<br />I've been in love with the Honey Dijon for years and decided to try out their other flavors.<br /><br />Sea Salt & Vinegar Chips are TANGY, SOUR, and make my lips pucker when I eat too many at a time.  I got 12 big bags for a steal from amazon ($11 WHAT?!?).<br /><br />Personally, the flavor is too much for me, but my mom & aunt LOVE them and they hate potato chips.
These chips are thick and crunchy.  I absolutely love them.  The taste is perfect.  I like to buy these smaller bags because I cant trust myself with a large bag of these because they taste no good.
I enjoy these chips. I got these instead of my usual jalapeno ones from the same company for a bit of flavor change. I think those are better but only slightly, like the jalapenos there is a great amount of flavor without being too overpowering. The small bag size prevents you from overeating as with a larger bag.
I love these chips, I buy the 24 pack once a month. The bags are just the right size for snacking and prevent me from eating way too much with the larger bags. The jalapeno spice is subtle enough not to be overpowering but still gives you a great amount of flavor.
These are the strongest tasting salt and vinegar chips I've had.  I could still do with more vinegar flavor, but I think this is as close as I'm going to get without dousing them with vinegar powder myself.<br /><br />I did a side by side with the Cape Cod salt and vinegar and these are about twice as flavorful.  Additionally, as other reviewers have said, they have quite a good bit of potassium in them (somewhere in the neighbor of 15% RDA per serving).
I have been ordering the sea salt chips for about a year.I love them,but my daughter picked some of these up at our local grocery store and now they are my new favorite.Will be ordering them.
These are my favorite gluten-free dairy-free flavored chips.  Many other salt and vinegar chips contain dairy so it's nice to find ones that I can eat.  The vinegar flavor is really intense and good.
These Kettle Brand potato chips in the Spicy Thai flavor really do taste like food I have eaten at a Thai restaurant. The ingredients listed include garlic powder, onion powder, parsley, jalapeno, and "spices." I'm not sure what other spices there are, but it sure tastes like lemongrass to me...yum. These chips are thick cut and very crunch. They come in a seriously heavy-duty bag. I tried to open it like I do regular chip bags by pulling the two sides apart; no way! The bag is so thick I wondered if it was plastic. I started looking for the scissors and decided that any company that put their chips in a bag this nice must have provided a way to open it. Sure enough, there is a small slit on the top and the simple directions "tear here." So easy. Why didn't I think of that.
For me, Kettle is the best brand on the market. They really know how to turn the humble potato into something fit for the gods! I didn't think anything could top their salt and pepper chips, but these are my new favorite. The flavors are pure and real. They go great with just about everything and are highly addictive! I hope they come out with a low fat version; their low fat chips are excellent but they need more flavors.
Salt and vinegar chips are definitely my favorite type of any potato chip. These ones made by Kettle were very tasty and I enjoyed them thoroughly. I just wish there was a more healthy option with the same great taste.
What I like about them:<br />1) Very thick chips.<br />2) No trans fat and all natural, according to the info on the bag.<br />3) Flavor, but that's a subjective thing.<br />4) 2oz bags, which keep you from eating too much at one time. Just set a limit of 1 bag.<br /><br />Cons:<br />As another reviewer said, there's a lot of oil in them chips. What I do is place a paper napkin on a plate and pour the chips on them. Wait a few mins before eating and the napkin will soak some of the oil off. It seems gross that there is so much oil on the chip that a napkin will soak it off, but it's true! And at least this way, you'll get rid of some of the oil.
These are so tangy it prevents me from eating too many, a handful or two does the trick. Very crisp and savory.
I have always been a fan of Kettle chips.  When you open a bag of Kettle chips you know you are going to get quality.  These chips are no exception and live up to the name printed on the package.<br /><br />The New York Cheddar chips  have a very subtle flavor to them.  You can taste the cheddar in them; but it doesn't smack you in the face like supermarket brand chips might.  The taste lingers as well which is a definite plus!<br /><br />Another aspect about these Kettle chips is the fact every chip is nice and crisp, that crunch in your mouth.  On top of that there are no burnt chips in any of the bags I have had since the purchase.  The only negative I might have is that the flavoring of the chips is uneven.  Some chips might pack a nice cheddar punch while another might taste rather plain.  This isn't a big flaw as it happens when getting seasoned and doesn't ruin the bag at all.<br /><br />Overall the quality of the chips is fantastic.  The flavor is great and you wont' be disappointed , especially if you are a cheddar lover!
Tried many varieties of BBQ chips and hands down these are the BEST on the market! These R not too salty or greasy. Great crispy crunch. Plenty of good BBQ flavor with a hint of sweetness that all other brands fall short of. Every bag (after bag) is just as mouth wateringly delicious as the 1st!!
Kettle chis are the best ever! These used to be my favorite flavor until I tried their Salt and Pepper kind but I'm sure this is just a personal preference.<br /><br />Crunchy, real potato chips!
These chips have the right amount of crunch and I enjoy the taste. Chips are consistent and have a fairly even distribution of seasoning. I like the 2-oz size bags, just the right amount of chips.
I subscribed to these - one case every three months. That comes out to about $5 a month for the convenience of having my favorite chips handy whenever I want. Because it seems Frito-Lay has managed to crowd out every other chip vendor from pretty much all my local stores this is the best way to ensure a steady supply of the items I want rather than the items Frito-Lay wants me to have. The two ounce bags are larger than you might be used to buying at the Subway (for example) which I find works very well - they're large enough to be a good snack on their own, or you can even share a single bag over lunch. The size is perfect for ensuring these fantastically crunchy chips are always fresh - no chip clip needed!<br /><br />The only problem? I subscribed to four cases a year and having these yummy chips always in the pantry makes it really easy to increase ones Kettle chip consumption. Definitely have to hide the case from the kids!
This was the best deal ever. The delivery was fast, the chips are delicious and very fresh.  Love it:)
My husband and I LOVE these chips! Personally I think the flavor is perfect. Try them for yourself!
The barbeque flavor of these chips is really perfect! Just spicy enough, a hint of sweetness, just a little smokey. The chips themselves are extra crunchy and just thick enough to be substantial, but not hard. This makes for a wonderful snack or a great accompaniment for burgers, hot dogs or brats, chicken or just about any casual entree.
I was hesitant to buy this at my local grocery store, Lunds, but they were on sale, so I bought a bag.  I've found that going beyond the simply-flavored chips, like cheddar or vinegar, usually results in disappointment.  Tried the Thai or asian-inspired chips by Target, Archer Farms, and they were awful.  These Kettle Spicy Thai chips are just awesome...so much so, that I'm considering buying them in bulk from Amazon.  The taste is complicated and stimulates different parts of the palate.  The taste sensations prevalent in real Thai food is baked into this chip...sweet, salty, spicy.  Was sour in there too?  I don't know, but this is a well-made well-balanced chip that is addicting.
As a professional potato chip muncher, I see these as thee very BEST on the market. Rich taste and flavor!! Almost impossible not to finish the entire bag.The true meaning of decadence!
These are hands-down the absolute best Salt & Vinegar chips you can buy.  They have a great, strong flavor that has left me addicted.  These are certainly my favorite chips.  I highly recommend trying them!
Oh, I love these chips! And they're so hard to find where I am, and when I do find them, they're usually $1-2 more per bag for less. Great that these are so cheap here at Amazon.
I LOVE these chips!  It is a little weird to review potato chips.  But these chips are great. The crunch is just right, plus they have just the right amount of salt. Not to salty not too bland. They are a little oily but that's ok. The best thing is the 2 oz package. When I buy a larger bag it's harder to resist eating them all.  This 2 oz package allows for a little "portion control". Be sure to use your scissors to open, 'cause these chips are packaged for freshness and don't open easily. Enjoy!
In the past couple years I have eaten and reviewed several kinds and styles of chips,  from the best I've ever had to big disappointments.  If you have eaten the LantChips varieties, there is no way that they are not the best as a group; the Kettle chips are rightly salted and I was so irritated by some Pringles products.  Kettle has good flavor but the small size and overwhelming oiliness takes away from the flavors.  All in all, its good to have choice--Amazon does not stock the LantChips all the time so there are some days that there is no choice.
these chips are good, and bad, and create moral dilemmas constantly. If wou are strong at will, or having a large BBQ go for it, but as for me, i was in the habit of bringing a new bag to work every three days, had to put in a lot of time on the treadmill to make up for it. BEWARE
Kettle Chips flavors can be hit or miss.  Some of their flavors are terrible.  But this is very simple and delicious.  Probably one of their best flavors.<br /><br />Pros: Thick, crunchy potato chips with light salt that doesn't compromise on taste, eco-friendly business that isn't just giving us lip service<br /><br />Cons: The occasional burnt chip and the bag is a pain to open.  They have a tab that you can pull down but most of the time I end up tearing down the entire side of the bag.  Use scissors instead.
We bought these chips at a little sandwich shop in Sonoma while we were on vacation. I wasn't sure what to expect by the package, and at first bite I didn't know what to think...and then all of the flavors hit!<br />Yum! They are a bit spicy, but nothing overpowering. Just lots of crunchy, sweet, spicy goodness. They aren't sold everywhere though, I'm still trying to find them somewhere close to where I live.
I have to admit that those chips are so good that they are highly addictive. I can't stop eating them!!! It's crunchy and seasoned at the right amount of flavor and salt. Just perfect!!! Believe me, some chips are so salty, I can't finish a small bag. But this one... I just keep on eating!
These are some of the best chips that I have ever had... They sure beat anything else out there and are even cooked in a way that is better for you than most other name brands. They are tangy and crisp and satisfy any craving at the time! These will be the only chips that I buy from now on and I thank amazon for letting me buy them online in bulk and save some money at the same time!
I'm addicted to salty and tangy flavors, so when I opened my first bag of Sea Salt & Vinegar Kettle Brand chips I knew I had a perfect complement to my vegetable trays of cucumber, carrot, celery and cherry tomatoes. Skip the dip; balance the tangy chips by alternating bites of raw vegetable.<br /><br />As an Oregonian, I'm proud to share these delectable snacks with friends, especially those living outside our state and who haven't experienced gourmet chips. I tell them Kettle Brand does for potato chips what microbrews did for beer.<br /><br />Kettle Brand potato chips are unmistakable--a light gold color, rich flavor and amazing crunch. Kettle Brand chips are also a healthier snacking option than the major chip brands. Kettle Brand chips don't have trans fats, MSG or artificial flavors and colorings. The company also has a line of organic potato chips and all of their products are certified Kosher.<br /><br />I also recommend <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000G6MBV4">Kettle Chips Honey Dijon</a> and <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000G6Q4GM">Kettle Chips Spicy Thai</a>.<br /><br />Annette Solomon, a reporter for the Salem Statesman Journal recently noted that a glass of wine goes nicely with these chips. Solomon wrote, "...you could be missing out on a wonderful pairing. These chips are spicy, so you would want to select a semi-sweet white wine. Also, a moderate amount of acid will subdue the strong flavors of ginger, lime, garlic and cilantro without over-powering them. Classically, a German-style Riesling fits these parameters perfectly."
These Honey Dijon chips bring a terrific balance of salty, tangy, sweet and crunchy. Other brands I've tried use too much mustard flavor, which overpowers the Honey Dijon pairing.<br /><br />These chips make a great side dish on a BBQ plate with baked beans, coleslaw or potato salad and grilled meat. Naturally, they also go down great with beer.<br /><br />As an Oregonian, I'm proud to share these delectable snacks with friends, especially those living outside our state and who haven't experienced gourmet chips. I tell them Kettle Brand does for potato chips what microbrews did for beer.<br /><br />Kettle Brand potato chips are unmistakable--a light gold color, rich flavor and amazing crunch. Kettle Brand chips are also a healthier snacking option than the major chip brands. Kettle Brand chips don't have trans fats, MSG or artificial flavors and colorings. The company also has a line of organic potato chips and all of their products are certified Kosher.<br /><br />I also recommend these other Kettle Chips flavors: <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000G6MBUA">Kettle Chips Sea Salt & Vinegar</a> and <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000G6Q4GM">Kettle Chips Spicy Thai</a>.<br /><br />Annette Solomon, a reporter for the Salem Statesman Journal recently noted that a glass of wine goes nicely with these chips. Solomon wrote, "...you could be missing out on a wonderful pairing. These chips are spicy, so you would want to select a semi-sweet white wine. Also, a moderate amount of acid will subdue the strong flavors of ginger, lime, garlic and cilantro without over-powering them. Classically, a German-style Riesling fits these parameters perfectly."
These chips remind me of a long obsolete brand of chips we could get in middle school. They are by far the tastiest chips I've had and it's impossible to walk past the aisle without picking up the trademark blue bag and then putting the bag clip on the bag!
These are by far my favorite chips, they are extremely crunchy (similar to other Kettle style chips), but it's the extreme Vinegar flavor that differentiates these from lesser fried potato snacks.  I've tried several other brands of Salt and Vinegar and none of them come close.
They are good but need more cheese and wish they were krinkle cut. I much prefer the salt & pepper just for the krinkle cut - they have a better texture. All around this brand is much better than Frito-Lay and a good price on Amazon when you get free shipping. These are similar to Tim's or Zack's chips in that they are very crispy.<br /><br />On a side note, these are the hardest bags to open by hand. I have to use a knife or scissors everytime.
It took a while to get used to these chips but they are pretty good and more healthy for you. They sure were eaten all up by my family and friends.
These are delicious.  The 2 oz bags are a bit big for school lunches, definitely more than a serving.
I recently tried this flavor/brand and was surprised at how delicious these chips are.  The best thing was that there were a lot of "brown" chips in the bsg (my favorite), so I bought some more through amazon and shared with family and friends.  I am a little disappointed that there are not, so far, very many brown chips in these bags, but the flavor is still very good.  I like them better than the yogurt and green onion flavor because they do not seem to be as salty, and the onion flavor is better.  If you haven't eaten Kettle chips before, I recommend that you try a bag before buying bulk.  They are thicker and crunchier than Lays but just as fresh out of the bag.
We are always pleased with Amazon's packaging. Chips are never crushed or broken, always fresh. We really liked this brand/flavor of chips. Very tasty!
These chips are some of the best I've tasted. They are not filled with chemicals. You taste the tangy vinegar as well as the potato. Not greasy. Perfectly crispy. If you don't like salt and vinegar tanginess, don't even bother to try. These definitely have zip. I love them. My children and their friends love them. Even my 4 year old loves them!
These chips were a great deal.  Kettle was having a special deal for the case of chips.  They are hard to find in Vegas and are my favorite flavor. Shipping was very fast, sooner than expected.
fantastic!you can not beat this taste and you can not resist to it only one if you are spice lover
Eat at your own risk.  Once I would open a bag I could not stop.  Good and salty.
I don't eat many chips, but these I love. Great buy and arrived quick and packed great. Expiration date is a ways away, so I have awhile to enjoy them Great natural potato flavor. I love brown russet, hardy flavor and these fit that description to a tee.
I simply fell in love with these chips and refused to share them with my friends.  :))  My experience with a lot of cheese-favored chips has been too salty and a little over the greasy side.  But these NY Cheddar from Kettle really changed my mind.  Thanks to Amazon for great discounts and I don't have to buy them from the store anymore.
Bought this box of chips as a Father's Day gift because Dad loves them.  They are very yummy and more substantial than regular chips.
These chips are quite tasty and the price is right.  Packaged very well, would buy again.
For some reason Amazon would not ship these to Alaska!..so I sent them to my grandchildren who got to enjoy them.  They are very good chips! Amazon should rethink the shipping to Alaska thing.  I would order groceries online.
My husband likes these a lot. They are a bit different to get used to as they are less greasy and salty in taste than the usual chips you buy. They are more browner than I would like to see and the chips are pretty sturdy in texture. Not bad, though. Just takes getting used to eating chips better for your health. They do have about 1/2 the calories in fat, however.
Just got this order and it is ok. A bit light on the cheddar flavoring and herb taste eludes me, if it is there.
I took one and said good Russet potato chip but where is the flavoring? Then all of a sudden, within seconds, it spread to my senses and my taste buds were happy. As close to Thai food as a potato chip can get.  These chips are spicy enough to satisfy that craving for spice and a hint of sweetness that makes them habit forming. The flavoring included garlic, ginger, jalapeno, cilantro and other spices, and it just felt great to eat these. I will buy these again. These were a treat.
We love Kettle Chips Lightly Salted and don't feel guilty eating them!  We used to buy them at Whole Foods but buying from Amazon has saved us money.  We have purchased at least 3 times and have been happy with the chips and the delivery.
A friend of mine brought these into work with the claim , "these will change your life!"  While my life is fairly unchanged, I cannot get enough of these chips . . . . and I do not even like kettle chips.  For the most part, I find Kettle Chips to be too thick and greasy, but the flavor of these chips is amazing!  The are the type of hot that is refreshing.  If you do not enjoy spicy or hot things . . . try these anyway, they may convert you.
But if you happen to, like me, there is no better sea salt and vinegar chip I've found in this country.
These are the best potato chips I've ever tasted.  It's easy to go through half of a bag without stopping.  The texture/crunchiness is just perfect, as is the salt and vinegar combination.  I don't know how they taste so much better than all of the other chips I've ever had, but they do.  And, judging from the nutrition facts, they seem to be healthier, too.  They're somewhat fibrous and have a good bit of potassium and vitamin c, which could be because they don't skin the potatoes and the chips are a bit thicker than normal.<br /><br />And if you like these, all of the Kettle chips are great.
i rarely eat chips but i saw these and tried them. they are really amazing. i love cheddar too, but the chips are really thin and crunch and delicious flavor. i recommend them.
This is easily the best potato chip that I have ever had.  Look at the ingredients:  Ginger and 3 types of hot pepper.  How can you go wrong?<br /><br />Obviously, not for you if you don't like spicy food. But, if you DO like spicy food, you'll probably love these.  They have that hot-with-a-hint-of-sweetness flavor combo that is prevalent in a lot of Thai food.
Kettle Chips Spicy Thai potato chips have the perfect amount of sweet, savory and spicy-- everything you'd want in a good meal or better yet...a potato chip.  Since these are kettle-cooked, the chips are uniquely shaped and are sometimes a bit over-browned.  They are, however, sliced just perfectly, not too thick, not too thin, so you can actually get a great crunch with each bite without breaking a tooth off.  The flavor is tremendous, although I wouldn't describe it as Thai.  It's more of a vague, sweet and tangy flavor with a kick, and every now and then you get a great big hit of ginger.  If you like any spice at all, these really are not overly spicy, so most people can handle them.  The fact that these chips have absolutely no artificial ingredients or trans fat makes them a fabulous addition to any muncher's snack cupboard.
Okay, I should not eat potato chips, nor should anyone.<br />But these are so spicy, I would find it hard to eat<br />very many. That makes them an indulgence that<br />rescues some people from overindulgence.
I don't write very many reviews but I have to say that Kettle Brand chips are the best I have ever tasted.  Every flavor is dynamite.  If you are feeling iffy about honey dijon, I would recommend cheddar beer, absolutely amazing.  And they're healthy!  (besides a lil fat)  I have eaten a lot of chips in my day and Kettle takes the cake.  Enjoy, and don't eat them too fast.
I bought these for the office and no one can put them down. I'm ordering more today and it has only been 2 weeks. Didn't have to shop for them either, Amazon brought it to my door!
Perfect!! They are my favorite because I can season with a variety of spices to exactly suit my tastes without all the salt!
Amazon's suggestion for a 4 star review is "I like it."  That being said, I gave a 5 star review to the Spicy Thai chips.  These chips are perfect for people that enjoy a spicy chip, but whose taste buds don't appreciate the added sweetness and ginger flavor.  The only thing I REALLY dislike about these chips (along with the rest of the flavors) is that the serving size is HALF the bag.  Really?  Who can eat half and save the rest for later???  Not me...
These are a favorite at our home. We like the ones that have Sea Salt. We also like Barbeque  flavored. These are not ruffly chips that have ridges. These are thickly cut plain slice potatoes. They are thick and crunchy and have a great texture in your mouth. They also have a great taste. The sea salt ones, which are a favorite, have just enough salt to have salt but not so much that you feel like you have to drink a gallon of water with your chips.<br /><br />Enjoy.
These are the best unsalted chips around and we have tried many.  They have the best potato flavor.  They came when you said they would.
Great chips, great price.  Odds are that you will have them to yourself.  If you like your fish and chips soaked in malt vinegar, you will love these.  The best salt and vinegar chips I have ever had (and I love this flavor, mind you).  They are spectacular with deli sandwiches or on their own.  Since I have found that S&V is palatable to only the most intelligent of our species I know that my afternoon snack is all mine, unless of course I run into another heavy brained, hearty breathed like mind.  -Summary- If you like the taste of bitter sweet salty vinegar and a crispy chip to boot you wont pucker at the sight of these handily bagged morsels.  It is the first and only time I have committed to a whole case of chips and I will do it again.  Mmmmm... vinegar...
Great price for an excellent chip. At about 80 cents for a 2 ounce bag these are a bargain as well as a very tasty chip. Everyone I've let try these has been impressed and commented on how good they taste. I've yet to find a Kettle chip that disappointed!
I love these chips, which is why I bought them, to stock up for the entire school year. The chips taste great, and packages were all sealed and in good condition when the arrived. The box on the other hand was in tatters, with holes and complely squished... I don't know if that was a result of customs or the voyage, but to receive it was a bit disgruntling given it was falling apart. Luckily, there were no victims within. All the chips are as they should be.
TOTALLY ORGASMIC.  these chips are the best spicy chip i have ever tasted.  signed up for the subscribe and save option.  the case contained 15(FIFTEEN, FULL SIZED BAGS) OF CHIPS.  the price per unit equals $1.73  per package.  that is not even the cost of plain chips.  if you add the free shipping and the fast delivery, this deal is a steal.  so run like you stole something over to your computer and order the SPICY THAI CHIPS.  p.s.  even if you paid the going price of $30.00, you are still ahead of the curve.  ENJOY
Seriously, now. Tasty, tasty, tasty. Fresh, too!<br /><br />The only problem is that you have a pack of 24 and that can lend itself to wanting to make multiple trips to the cupboard for more helpings! Or, grabbing multiple bags to begin with. Pace yourself! I keep saying.<br /><br />You can't go wrong with these if you're a fan of the salt and vinegar classic flavor.<br /><br />2-ounce bags are about double the size of the kid's bags; about the same size as the ones in the small gas station racks. It's really a good size for an adult.<br /><br />It's a somewhat healthier snack than a typical bag of fried chips, but it has 300 calories per bag. Again, not too bad, but something to think about.<br /><br />Bottom-line: Delicious!
Despite coming in an extremely large box, I found this to be great value. All the bags were preserved with a reasonable expiration date that is months away. I'd definitely recommend.
If you like spicy, then these are for you.  I like spicy, so I enjoyed these.  They're also crunchy, as kettle-cooked chips should be.
These are the best potato chips that money can buy.  There is just enough salt to taste it, but not so much that it masks the lingering potatoey awesomeness after you've wolfed down a bag of these beauties.  Each chip has the perfect thickness - my teeth get excited every time I put one in my mouth!  Everything about these chips is so perfect, it's like they were made by God and delivered by Gabriel himself.  Now that I know Amazon carries these, I don't even have to leave my house to buy them!  I may never eat anything else again!
I first discovered Kettle Chips with sea salt and vinegar while shopping at Trader Joe's with my daughter Mindy.  I couldn't believe how tasty they were; the best chip I had ever eaten.  It was love at first bite, and I've been munching them ever since.<br /><br />Other things in their favor: they're thicker than other chips, so don't crumble as I'm devouring them; they're delightfully crunchy; and the salt-and-vinegar combination is heavenly.  I tried to create an original line to describe this palate-pleasing taste treat, but couldn't beat what the manufacturer said: tongue-puckering tang and crunch.  Isn't that poetic?<br /><br />As for health values, since Kettle Chips are not peeled during preparation, I'm getting more nutrition, such as potassium and vitamin C.  My mother would approve of that, and the fact that they're hand-cooked in small batches.<br /><br />I often enjoy Kettle Chips as an afternoon snack with my favorite soda or iced tea, but they're also delicious with a tuna sandwich or a hot dog for lunch.  Well, actually Kettle Chips go perfect with everything ... except "sweets," of course.<br /><br />My only problem is that they're so delicious I can't stop eating them.  That's the reason I chose these smaller packets; I figured 24 could last me almost a month, if I was a good girl, kept my appetite under control--and hid them from the kids!  For the sake of fewer calories, I try hard and have succeeded so far.  It isn't easy, but ...<br /><br />Have I told you how much I love them?<br /><br />Reviewed by: Betty Dravis, 2008<br />Millennium Babe: The Prophecy
You don't need salt to hide the taste of potato chips. And these chips prove it. The taste of the potato comes through, instead of being masked. OK, so they're still a snack food, but no salt and no trans-fats mean these are about the healthiest potato chips you can get. And if you're on a low-salt diet (like I am), having these available means I can eat chips, and Kettle are just the best.
These potato chips are excellent.There are no trans fats.<br /><br />They taste absolutely delicious.Whenever I am in the mood for potatoe chips, Kettles is the brand I buy.<br /><br />A great product that anyone should enjoy and I highly recommend them!<br /><br />Enjoy!
It feels strange to review chips, but I am compelled because these are my absolute favorite chips. Kettle has lots of flavors but I always go back to these regular lightly salted.<br /><br />They are thicker and sometimes greasy at the bottom of the bag, plus they often looked burned. They are not actually burned. It has something to do with how much sugar is in the potato that makes it dark. I love to open a bag and find some browned chips.<br /><br />Lays and Wise have their place but I've become a chip snob thanks to Kettle.<br /><br />Like Edy's or Breyer's ice cream, some products are worth the money. These are the best of the best.
I have tried a lot of S&V chips and these are the best!  Real sea salt and REAL vinegar!  Mouth-watering flavor & crispiness.  Not for the faint of heart - the flavor is very authentic!  :)
Kettle brand chips are very crunchy.  I would say regular plain old Lays potato chips are at the "soft" end of the "soft/crunchy" spectrum.  Ruffles brand potato chips used to be considered the crunchiest, but Kettle brand chips are far more crunchy.  If you have a tender mouth or bad teeth (dentures) you might want to steer clear of Kettle brand.  Otherwise, you'll love these chips.  The Sea Salt & Vinegar chips are super TANGY.  I enjoy taking swigs of vinegar bottles from time to time.  I am dissapointed with all other Salt & Vinegar chips either because the chips are too soft and/or the vinegar taste whimpy and/or chemically.  Rest assured Kettle Sea Salt & Vinegar has a gourmet flavor.  The vinegar flavor has no chemical flavor and could NEVER be called whimpy!
Someone brought these to a party we had last month and I didn't put them out because the buffet was full and didn't think anyone would like saltless potato chips.  Last week we had some friends over and these were all I had in the pantry so I put them out.  OH MY GOSH THEY ARE SO GOOD!  I was so wrong to think they would be bland; they are full of real potato flavor, wonderfully crisp and very fresh tasting.  I am here on amazon to buy a case, I only want to have these with dips.  Truly delicious!
These Backyard BBQ Kettle Chips were a great deal with the promo code.  It was nice to have a larger size bag.  Some Kettle Chips in the grocery store are only about 5 ounces and we polish them off in one family lunch!  They arrived fresh and were not in crumbles as some other chips from Amazon Grocery have been.  Great flavor and All Natural!
I have tried Herrs, UTZ, wise, pringles, lays etc....but Kettle tasted the best. The quantity of salt used is the optimum which is required.<br /><br />Although they say serving size 1 ounce, you will finish the whole packet in no time. Total calories is 300 for 2 ounce bag. This is slightly on the higher side. But still it is ok, as they have not compromised on the taste.<br /><br />Only issue was that all packets have some burnt chips, which taste bad. Kettle should take care when packing to ensure no burnt chips are there.<br /><br />Thanks to Amazon to get 24 bags for just 12 bucks with free shipping using their coupon.
Chips are not as tangy as I hoped or expected. Poore Brothers is a better choice for the "hard-core" Salt N Vinegar fans.
Chilling in the fridge seems to boost the flavor even more; and using them, rather than corn chips, to make nachos will have your tastebuds singing like Janet Jackson. (But without any of the associated wardrobe risks. (-:) HIGHLY recommended.
I was getting VERY worried, when I read some of the other reviews here.  Specifically, the "One Star" reviews, to which I always go, to see if the faults these other reviewers find with any merchandise would prevent me from buying it.<br /><br />WOW!  They sure seemed to hate the KETTLE CHIPS, BACKYARD BARBECUE 9-OUNCE BAGS, (PACK OF 12), that I had bought as 1 ounce bags, liked A LOT, decided to subscribe....and then, for good measure, got 2 orders of the 9 ounce bags.<br /><br />Yes...I love potato chips....especially these KETTLE CHIPS, BACKYARD BARBECUE FLAVOUR....but others seemed to really HATE them...or at least, hate how they had changed.<br />But then I realized they were talking about OTHER FLAVOURS!  Amazon, in it's deep wisdom, has obviously seen fit to put ALL comments concerning ALL flavours of KETTLE, (and other brands of?????) potato chips, TOGETHER!<br /><br />Of course, this DOES have SOME advantages, because most potato-chip lovers, (like me!), enjoy eating several flavour, and brand varieties.  So, comparisons can be made easily.  Also, as we're all potato-chip lovers, but each person has his or her very favourite flavour that they are reviewing, we are, here a sort of "United Nations of Potato Chip Lovers"....all different, but all united in our love of Potato Chips!  (The rest of the world can REALLY benefit from the example of our tightly-knit, but ever...er,...expanding...group here, I think! : )  But -- not at first realizing that these<br />different flavour reviews were all together, did cause me a little confusion and dismay.... at least to begin with.... (Amazon should have mentioned that this is the "Kettle Potato Chip Review Forum"! : )<br /><br />I am happy to report that KETTLE CHIPS, BACKYARD BARBEQUE FLAVOUR, are totally delicious!  (At least they are in the one-ounce bags...hopefully the same product in the 9 ounce bags will taste the same!)  These are definitely chips for ADULTS, however -- and/or children whose stronger-than-adult taste buds can withstand the very strong flavour of these chips.  They are NOT the strongest flavour I have ever had...that was from a jalapeno pepper chip which was far too strong for even me!<br />These Backyard Barbeque chips by Kettle, however, have just the right amount of sweetness, (with honey powder, onion and sugar), to take the edge of the stonger flavours<br />(paprika, chili pepper, cayenne pepper, and natural smoke flavour), of which there is less, (they come further down in the list of ingredients than the sweeteners.)<br /><br />The complete list of ingredients of these KETTLE BACKYARD BARBECUE CHIPS, (in the 1-ounce bags, and hopefully, in the 9 ounce bags as well), is as follows:<br /><br />Potatoes<br />Vegetable Oil, (Safflower and Sunflower Oil),<br />Honey Powder, (Dried cane sugar, honey),<br />Rice Powder<br />Sugar<br />Salt<br />Onion Powder<br />Tomato Powder<br />Paprika<br />Torula Yeast<br />Garlic Powder<br />Chili Pepper<br />Citric Acid<br />Cayenne Pepper<br />Paprika Oleoresin, (Colour)<br />Natural Smoke Flavour<br /><br />Naturally cooked, natural ingredients.  The combination is a true taste treat!<br /><br />Of course, as with all ptato chips, moderation is the key.<br />Potatoes contain a LOT of potassium....which gives energy and othr good things....but too much of which can damage kindneys.  The vegetable oil is great -- but too much oil, (as well as too much starch, from the potatoes), can hurt the eyes.  Natural smoke flavour is SO yummy....but it, (as well as sugar), has -- in very large amounts -- been linked to cancer production<br /><br />As far as the starch from the potatoes and oil go, this<br />can be ameliorated, (a bit), by drinking TEA...which is good for the eyes.  But as far as the potassium, (energy - good, too much -- bad for the kidneys), and the sugar and natural smoke flavour, (too much leading to cancer production) -- the only thing is to do what is good in everything.....M O D E R A T I O N...!<br /><br />Twice or three times a month, I allow myself to go on what I call a "Potato Chip Diet".  I eat only one large bag, (or the equivalent in small ones), of potato chips all day.  I supplement this with tea, coffee, and lemonade, as well as several servings of Carnation Instant Breakfast Essentials, (I like the Dark Chocolate flavour)  This adds up to fewer calories than I would normally eat, if I had my normal three meals a day plus snacks.  It also teaches me to eat s-l-o-w-l-y, because that one big bag, (or many little bags), never lasts as long as I'd like.  Anyway, with excercise and sensible eating, the rest of the month, (and keeping my scale nearby, and weighing myself at least twice a day, every day), I've taken off ten pounds in the last three months! : )<br /><br />These BACKYARD BARBEQUE flavour potato chips from KETTLE,<br />are totally scrumptious.  Except for those jalapino chips, (which tasted good, but were far too spicy for my own taste buds), I have yet to meet a potato chip I didn't like to eat.  These Kettle BACKYARD BARBEQUE flavour potato chips, with their combination of potatoes, sweetness, and spices, have truly become one of my top five favourites....if not the VERY first favourite, of all!<br /><br />Flavoured potato PERFECTION!
These chips are VERY GOOD!! I couldn't stop eating them. They didn't last very long.<br /><br />The reason I gave them 4 stars, instead of 5, is because I think the bags are a little hard to open. I'm not sure why they need to make a potato chip bag that sturdy, you may need some scissors on hand to open them much easier.
They are good but wish they were also baked. Have not found baked no salt potato chips anywhere. If there are any I wish someone would post.
I have loved Kettle Brand Sea Salt and Vinegar chips since the first time i tried them.  The fact that i was able to find them on-line for such a great price, was wonderful.  I would definitely make the purchase again.  THey are a quick and simple snack for lunch and it goes great with my cold sandwich.
Kettle Chips are the best potato chip God has ever invented.  I give the Lord thanks every day for delivering unto me such an incredulously delicious blend of ginger and spice, a veritable cornucopia of flavor.  I have actually changed my diet to a strict regiment of the Spicy Thai & Sea Salt and Vinegar flavors, alternating days. I have already lost 5 lbs, not to mention the myriad of other health benefits I have been experiencing. Get your life back - with Kettle Chips.
My daughter that has autism craves hot, spice and pungent foods.  These are her absolute favorite chips!  She calls them her sour chips and wants them in her lunch all the time.  I love the crispy kettle way they're cooked.
I am a great fan of potato chips and of Thai food.  I was so happy when Kettle Chips decided to meld two of my great loves together! (What a concept.....)  These chips are spicy enough, without burning a hole in your tongue.  Also, they have a nice hint of sweetness that makes them habit forming (careful!).  Once in a while, this is a treat definitely worth indulging in.
After reading some of the reviews, I got nervous and opened a bag from my recent order expecting the worst! No worries here. All bags are in great shape and expiration dates aren't until June. Chips, at least from the first bag, taste like they are supposed to and all is good in the world! By the way, fifteen bags for under thirty dollars is a ton less expensive than the going price around here at the local grocery store so, yay team!
I am glad I was able to find these on this site. I love this flavor and they are so crunchy. The box is packed inside another box but still some bags end up as crumbs. Most of the bags survived in tact.
These chips taste awesome. And unlike most other flavored chips, they actually make sure that plenty of the flavory salty goodness gets on each individual chip. Just don't pass gas near any pretty ladies after consumption. They'll totally know it was you.
With Kettle Chips, you really have to be careful.  Some of their flavors are nauseating.  With that said, they DO make fantastic plain chips.  Thick cuts of potato, fried to a dark golden brown.  They are crunchy and lightly salted with sea salt.  I can't recommend these chips enough.  You won't regret it.<br /><br />Some people say they are burnt but they aren't.  From their website: "Take a quick look and you'll see an immediate difference: Kettle Brand® Potato Chips are a beautiful tawny gold. During cooking, the natural sugars of our select potatoes caramelize, creating chips from light gold to a deep amber.  The results are flavors as deep and rich as the colors, and an artisanal display in every bag"<br /><br />Some have also said that these chips are oily, which is true.  But they explain that on their website: "At Kettle Foods we exclusively use expeller pressed high monounsaturated sunflower and/or safflower oil to make Kettle Brand®  products. Both of these oils are naturally free of trans fatty acids and are not hydrogenated in any way. We have taken the extra step of sending our products to independent third party labs to test for the presence of trans fats and results indicate we are "trans fat free" meaning none were detected. You will see zero trans fats listed on our packaging."  That oiliness is natural and happens when quality oil is being used.<br /><br />You will not find chips with such a natural potato flavor.  I'm also a fan of their unsalted potato chips.  For those of us watching our salt intake, the unsalted chips is the best you can get.  Period.
These are among the best chips I have ever eaten!  I first came upon them when I visited a CostPlus World Market store in Opelika, AL, in the Tiger Town Mall, in 2007.  I wasn't a big fan of dijon-flavored anything, but I decided to give these chips a try.  I was hooked.  I probably ended up buying over a dozen bags within just a few months' time.  I searched all over my part of Alabama (the northwestern part of the state) and could not find them.  I later tried to find them at the World Market in Hoover, at the Patton Creek Shopping Center, and they did not carry this flavor.  However, when I learned that they were available on Amazon.com, and also available for PRIME Shipping - I bought them as soon as I read "Kettle Chips Honey Dijon, 9-Ounce Bags (Pack of 12)!"<br /><br />You get a pretty big box, filled with 12 bags of these delicious morsels.  They last quite a while, but I will re-order, very, very soon!  I suggest you buy them, in this bulk form, and enjoy them - you won't be disappointed!  They go great with hamburgers and hot dogs - so they're perfect for spring and this coming summer's outdoor activities and cook-outs!<br /><br />Take my word for it, these chips are a hidden gem lost in the world of snack foods!  Buy some today, and fall in love like me!
I have never been addicted to anything in my life...until I tasted these chips.  I have tried other brands of the sea salt and vinegar flavor and they are just not the same.  You've got to stick with this blue bag of chips!
I'm addicted to salty and tangy flavors, so when I opened my first bag of Sea Salt & Vinegar Kettle Brand chips I knew I had a perfect complement to my vegetable trays of cucumber, carrot, celery and cherry tomatoes. Skip the dip; balance the tangy chips by alternating bites of raw vegetable.<br /><br />As an Oregonian, I'm proud to share these delectable snacks with friends, especially those living outside our state and who haven't experienced gourmet chips. I tell them Kettle Brand does for potato chips what microbrews did for beer.<br /><br />Kettle Brand potato chips are unmistakable--a light gold color, rich flavor and amazing crunch. Kettle Brand chips are also a healthier snacking option than the major chip brands. Kettle Brand chips don't have trans fats, MSG or artificial flavors and colorings. The company also has a line of organic potato chips and all of their products are certified Kosher.<br /><br />I also recommend <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000G6MBV4">Kettle Chips Honey Dijon</a> and <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000G6Q4GM">Kettle Chips Spicy Thai</a>.<br /><br />Annette Solomon, a reporter for the Salem Statesman Journal recently noted that a glass of wine goes nicely with these chips. Solomon wrote, "...you could be missing out on a wonderful pairing. These chips are spicy, so you would want to select a semi-sweet white wine. Also, a moderate amount of acid will subdue the strong flavors of ginger, lime, garlic and cilantro without over-powering them. Classically, a German-style Riesling fits these parameters perfectly."
I bought these when on sale through Amazon.  Nice crispy thick chips.  Definitely a great buy if you can catch them on sale.
I've found a new taste treat. I'm not a big one for potato chips, so I am sure I've come late to discover these. I think they are really good.  The processing & ingredients list is actually pretty good-no trans fats, etc. So, if you want an indulgence, these are A+ !  They are thicker & more tasty than the mass produced potato chips we've all come to know.  They are much more flavorful.  Never had a honey-dijon potato chip before. Incredibly good & a flavorful combination of sweet, tangy, salty. Also not overly hot or spicy. Excellent!<br /><br />If you want a snack, have something REALLY good. It's got to be worth the calories-and these are!
This is a real good product.I love these chips and so does my customers can't go wrong wit these the best
I love these chips and now the whole family is hooked on them. These are the only chips I eat
I don't know what to say that others have not covered. If you like potato chips you will like these. Get em on sale when you can and limit your intake...if you can...
If you're looking at this you probably already know you like these chips.<br />This is a great deal and I have not had any problems with them going stale.<br />The 1oz bags are a great size for a snack and help avoid over-eating.
Only 5mg sodium per serving, chips are crisp.  I sometimes will dip in a low salt ketchup and that adds a bit to the flavor.
I have found this product, Kettle Chips Unsalted to be fabulous.  I found them by accident on Amazon after hunting all over my local stores.  They are crisp and tasty without all of the salt.
When I saw the Spicy Thai chips, I knew i had to try them. I love spicy and I love Thai food, so why not? First off, these chips are not super spicy. They actually taste sort of sweet at first, with many degrees of flavor. The spiciness is more of a lingering taste that bites afterwards. I'd say these are definitely a good, unique chip. But if you absolutely hate sweet chips, I'd try a different flavor since these are a little sweet.
Smiles... Thank you Lord, for I have found another healthy snack food that is unsalted, and tastes great. I almost gave up on finding a potato chip like this. The only thing i would ask Kettle to change is the texture. It's slightly hard/crunchy, but not a problem at all. I would just prefer it to be softer. Kettle if you do make that happen, please keep everything else the same. Thank you.
These are my favorite, but they aren't for everybody. In a way, they sort of taste like Oriental flavor ramen, but with a kick. For me, how can one go wrong with the combination of jalapeno and ginger? They are a bit rich, so they aren't for EveryDayForAMonth snacking. Because this is a case purchase, I recommend trying out a single bag before buying an entire case. The 2oz size seems to be no longer available, which is a shame; I can eat the entire 5oz bag.
Salt & vinegar chips are my favorite flavor so I think I've tried every brand out there.  These are by far the best.  I also like them because the sodium content is not very high like some of the others and they are not excessively greasy.  They seem to have the right balance of the salt and vinegar taste.
Package arrived DOUBLE boxed, wrapped, and the inside box(that holds the goods) perfect not a single dent or rough mark, outstanding packaging.<br /><br />The Product?<br /><br />These are the best chips on the planet, Salt 'N Vinegar flavor is beyond among the best chips I've ever had. You might, actually I'm sure you probably won't like it AT FIRST BITE 'IF' you have never had these before. But try it again.<br /><br />Not to mention, this particular flavor has held up in numerous surveys and comparisons against other manufactures.
If you love jalapeno chips then Kettle is a must try.<br />Nice and cruncy with the kick of jalapeno.<br />Delicious.<br />Addicting.<br />Recommended.
My son bought a package of the Jalapeno Potato Chips a couple weeks ago, and he and I have become addicted.<br /><br />First, Kettle chips appear to be somewhat better in terms of fats etc. than many other chips, as one peruses the dietary information.<br /><br />Second, individual chips are nice and crisp and have a good crunch value as you munch away at them.<br /><br />Third, the jalapeno has some kick (not overly hot, of course). Too many products labelled as spicy are not, have no kick, and are as bland as can be. Here, you do get a slow noticeable burn from the jalapeno. My preference? A bit more heat. But I understand that most consumers would prefer somewhat less than I would. Still, decent spicyness.<br /><br />All in all, I have been pretty happy with this product, in the few weeks since we first bought it. I now purchase a package each week in my foray to the local grocery store. . . .
After looking at the pictures someone put on here showing a crushed box, I had to write a review.  I have bought these chips numerous times from Amazon Warehouse Deals and each time they came packaged perfectly.  There was a sale at the end of the summer and I received a few cases/boxes for just over $10.00.  The chips were fresh and very hard to eat just one bag.  I hid them in the garage and only remembered them when I went out there; that way I didn't eat them all.  As far as the pictures, if the person contacted Amazon, he made out ok.  Amazon is great with handling complaints and this person was given perfect customer service if he called Amazon.  Thanks for a great tasting product, good price and quick shipping.  I'll buy these again...soon.
This is the second purchase of Kettle Potato Chips and we love them just as much as the first time we tried them. We bought them by the a carton of 24 bags. The Kettle chips were in a 2oz bag which is just enough for a single size serving snack or with a meal. The chips are so delicious, baked not fried and lightly salted with Sea Salt. They have 0 fat, no preservatives, nothing artificial and they only use real food ingredients. What more could you ask for in a great tasting chip!
How to achieve potato chip nirvana? It's simple:  Buy these chips, get them tomorrow, eat them!<br />Repeat.<br /><br />Why?<br /><br />Best "old school" BBQ flavor out there<br />Kettle quality<br />Incredible price with Amazon<br /><br />Did I mention delicious and a terrific bargain?
I found these more than 10 years ago in a health food store. After I bought one bag I found myself stopping by that store once a week to get these chips. The New York Cheddar flavor is so good, you will have a hard time not eating a whole bag.
But you will enjoy ever step. I gained 5 lbs within a month of buying this 12 pack of full sized bags. Damn it! They should warn you about this! Tastes awesome though. When I finish my crash diet I will order another box (case?). :-)
These are the best spicy chips I have ever had the pleasure of eating.  They start off sweet, then as you eat more the spice builds up.  They are fantastic.  If you don't want to commit to a whole case, pick up a bag at your local Whole Foods first, then stock up here when you realize how amazing they are.  Got my case right here, and loving every bite.  On a side note, this brand (Kettle Brand) has many delicious varieties- this is just my personal favorite.  I also highly recommend: Backyard BBQ, Honey Dijon, Sweet Onion, Buffalo Bleu, Salt and Pepper and Death Valley Chipotle.  Lays aint got nothin on Kettle Brand!!!
I've eaten other brands of unsalted potato chips and they've always been terrible.  I didn't expect much when I bought these.  But after I tasted them I was amazed.  I have never enjoyed unsalted potato chips before these.  They have a natural potato flavor with thick, crunchy chips.  The only bad thing is the bag is a pain to open.  Use scissors and save yourself the aggravation.
Kettle brand chips are probably the best potato chips I've tasted thus far. They are thick, has a bite to them and I love their creative flavors. My favorite Kettle chip happens to be the honey Dijon. I think it's a great combination sweet, salty and tangy, perfect for one of those snack attacks when you don't know exactly what you want. I especially love the curled up chips for extra texture and crunch. These 2-oz bags are perfect for anyone who has a problem controlling portions (like me!).
As an Oregonian, I make a point of sharing these Oregon-made snacks with friends who visit the state. I tell them the Kettle Brand does for potato chips what microbrew does for beer.<br /><br />Kettle Brand potato chips are unmistakable--a light gold color, rich flavor and amazing crunch. Kettle Brand chips are also a healthier snacking option than the major chip brands. Kettle Brand chips don't have trans fats, MSG or artificial flavors and colorings. The company also has a line of organic potato chips and all of their products are certified Kosher.<br /><br />Annette Solomon, a reporter for the Salem Statesman Journal noted that a glass of wine goes nicely with Spicy Thai chips. Solomon wrote, "...you could be missing out on a wonderful pairing. These chips are spicy, so you would want to select a semi-sweet white wine. Also, a moderate amount of acid will subdue the strong flavors of ginger, lime, garlic and cilantro without over-powering them. Classically, a German-style Riesling fits these parameters perfectly."<br /><br />I also recommend <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000G6MBV4">Kettle Chips Honey Dijon</a> and <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000G6MBUA">Kettle Chips Sea Salt & Vinegar</a>.<br /><br />The Honey Dijon chips bring a terrific balance of salty, tangy, sweet and crunchy. Other brands I've tried use too much mustard flavor, which overpowers the Honey Dijon pairing. The Honey Dijon chips make a great side dish on a BBQ plate with baked beans, coleslaw or potato salad and grilled meat. Naturally, they also go down great with beer.<br /><br />The Sea Salt & Vinegar chips are a perfect complement to vegetable trays of cucumber, carrot, celery and cherry tomatoes. Skip the dip; balance the tangy chips by alternating bites of raw vegetable.<br /><br />In summary, I highly recommend Kettle Brand chips, a great buy on Amazon.com.
I'm addicted to salty and tangy flavors, so when I opened my first bag of Sea Salt & Vinegar Kettle Brand chips I knew I had a perfect complement to my vegetable trays of cucumber, carrot, celery and cherry tomatoes. Skip the dip; balance the tangy chips by alternating bites of raw vegetable.<br /><br />As an Oregonian, I'm proud to share these delectable snacks with friends, especially those living outside our state and who haven't experienced gourmet chips. I tell them Kettle Brand does for potato chips what microbrews did for beer.<br /><br />Kettle Brand potato chips are unmistakable--a light gold color, rich flavor and amazing crunch. Kettle Brand chips are also a healthier snacking option than the major chip brands. Kettle Brand chips don't have trans fats, MSG or artificial flavors and colorings. The company also has a line of organic potato chips and all of their products are certified Kosher.<br /><br />I also recommend <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000G6MBV4">Kettle Chips Honey Dijon</a> and <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000G6Q4GM">Kettle Chips Spicy Thai</a>.<br /><br />Annette Solomon, a reporter for the Salem Statesman Journal recently noted that a glass of wine goes nicely with these chips. Solomon wrote, "...you could be missing out on a wonderful pairing. These chips are spicy, so you would want to select a semi-sweet white wine. Also, a moderate amount of acid will subdue the strong flavors of ginger, lime, garlic and cilantro without over-powering them. Classically, a German-style Riesling fits these parameters perfectly."
Kettle chips are thicker and crunchier (though greasier at times) than other chips, and the honey dijon flavor is great.  They don't have the overwhelming salty taste some cheaper chips have, and the 2oz size is great for an adult size snack.
I've always liked Salt and Vinegar chips but most of the time the stronger flavor was at the bottom of the bag. Not with these, the vinegar is overflowing right from the first chip and doesnt stop until you've finished the bag. These are very addictive. If you like salt and vinegar, these are the ultimate chips. Nothing else compares.
Tasted good. Spicy. Those that don't like spicy should stay away from this. For the price paid, very good buy.
These are seriously delicious, especially if you like plain potato chips. My only concern is they're very oily. I understand they're "kettle chips" and they're "fried" (small batches and all) but when you open the bag (That's another thing, very strong bag! Need scissors!) there's a coating of oil on the inside of the bag and on the chips themselves. I suggest a blot/shake on some paper towels before consuming. Either way, they have a yummy potato taste, and very satisfying crunch. Delicious!
This bags are very difficult to open with the aid of some tool, such as scissors, don't even try without scissors.<br /><br />They are crispy and taste like chips that aren't advertised as being salted. They definitely aren't healthy, because I can feel the grease all over my fingers when eating them, and I can see the grease at the bottom of the bag, too.<br /><br />They are high-quality chips, and deserve to be put on your table.
Kettle Foods, Inc. makes the best tasting potato chips I've ever eaten.  With a variety of flavors, from classic Barbeque to their unique Spicy Thai you'll find the right flavor for your mouth. And not only do they taste wonderful, but these all-natural chips are cooked in safflower or sunflower oil for zero cholesterol.<br /><br />But why is it a GoGreenMart&More product of the week? Kettle Foods, Inc. is a "Green Giant", a company highlighted for their environmental practices.  They convert waste oils to biodiesel to power some of their company cars. A roof-top solar panel system creates 120,000kWh annually for production and they offset 100% of their additional U.S. energy usage by buying renewable energy credits. Not only are their efforts for the future but they care for the present by rejuvenate a neighboring 2 acre wetland eco-system. And during recent building construction, they earned a Gold rating from Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED).<br /><br />Now your mouth will thank you and so will the environment.
These really are amazing chips. Don't be put off by one of the cheeses being blue cheese...it is so subtle that even blue cheese haters (like me)will enjoy these.
These chips are delectably delicious. I am on a low sodium diet. I didn't have to give up totally something that I truely love to snack. These chips are bursting with flavor, and you can't really tell they are missing all that salt. There is just a kiss worth on a chip, but beleive me, it is a total makeout!!!
Not too salty like regular supermarket chips, this is a snack that will not overwhelm you with guilt! When you just gotta have some chips, Kettle Chips Lightly Salted chips are the what you've been searching for.<br /><br />There's no cholesterol, no trans fats, no artificial anything -- and because of the manufacturing process, they actually seem to have kind of a home-made quality.<br /><br />This is an excellent product!
I agree with the company motto "A Natural Obsession".  I tried a small bag at the local store and immediately bought in bulk online to save about 30 percent.  The flavor of these is very strong, so they are best paired with a food that has a very mild flavor, like steamed vegetables or plain whole grain bread.  Otherwise they compete or clash with the other food.
The New York Cheddar flavor is my favorite of all the Kettle Brand potato chips. These are flavorful and crunchy and will make your mouth happy. Unfortunately, it may do the opposite to your backside, so don't do what my mom did and eat an entire bag on an empty stomach or you may spend the afternoon in the bathroom.<br /><br />I still give it a 5 of 5 stars.<br /><br />Also, the online price at Amazon is better than anywhere else I've seen them. Combined with Amazon Prime you'll be getting a great deal on these chips.
These are my new favorite!  I have always been a fan of salt and vinegar but these honey dijons have replaced them as my new number one!  They do have a strong taste so loving the honey mustard flavor is a must if you hope to like these.<br /><br />Price wise...I do not see that they are that much of a deal here.  I purchased them for $2.99 at the grocery with no shipping.  I would have given the product 5 stars (easily) had it not been for the price.  The taste is fabulous -- you won't be disappointed.
These chips were good. I ended up eating a whole bag a day for a while cause they were so good. I am glad that they do not have any dextrose in them like lays do.
these are the best chips out there.. nothing can beat this taste. if you like honey mustard then you will definitely like this.. once you eat it you wont stop..addicting stuff
At first I was thinking, "cheese flavored chips?"  But I love them.  The herbs they used are just delicious.  The cheese is not overpowering.  They are yummy and crispy!!
I try to be good, but when I feel like indulging in some delicious, gourmet potato chips, these New York Chedder potato chips are the first flavor I like to go for, when I see them at the natural food store.  The chips are tangy and crunchy and satisfy your potato chip fix like no other brand.
I got the sea salt and vinegar chips from Kettle.  I am used to the Salt and Vinegar chips in the white bag if I am allowed to say that.  Anyways, my first impression for this is wow at all the chips you get for the price.  I got the 9 0z x 12 bags and wow it is so many for the price.  You can tell they are high quality chips just from the packaging, also.  Well being used to the cheaper chips I wasn't expecting how mellow these things are.  The ones I am used to have a really sour taste to them which I didn't mind but they had tons of flavor.  These chips don't have any sour to them at all, and taste just like them but a lot less strong aftertaste.  If you want to try out Salt and Vinegar chips I suggest you try these out first.  So, for the price and how many you get, these chips are definately worth it.  They are thick and crunchy like the more expensive chips you get at high quality restaurants.  I recommend these, 4 stars.
We've long enjoyed this brand of chip, so when we began to think seriously about limiting out salt intake we were particularly pleased to find these.<br /><br />  Granted I bought them somewhat reluctantly because I'm a confirmed salt-aholic, generously sprinkling it on everything from eggs to green beans.  I was more than pleasantly surprised as these chips have a very satisfying robust taste and are crispy to boot.<br /><br />  How nice to be able to munch on these without worrying about too much salt.
For those who love salt and vinegar potato chips, this is the one to choose. The flavor is zippy and tart, with no unpleasant chemical aftertaste like the less "natural" versions of this snack. The 2-ounce bags are just right to share at lunch. The chips are a little greasy, and that's why I've given them 4 stars instead of 5.
Kettle lightly slated chips are my favorite on the market. I don't care for the "fancy" flavors and these are salted just right. Thick, super crunchy and full of flavor, they are the best!
Fantastic tasting potato chips. I love the individual bags, great for kids and adults too. No trans fat, no cholesterol, no artifical stuff.<br />Low in sodium and high in potassium, which is great for people like me with HBP.<br />Only problem is Amazon is out of stock some times and price is high.
The chips come in a large box with individually wrapped bags of chips. The bags are very strong - much thicker than, say, Lay's potato chip bags. Inside are very tasty kettle cooked chips, salted just right. Because these appear to be cooked in an actual kettle fashion, some are cooked more than others, which gives it a more authentic, non-manufactured feel. Some people may not like that.<br /><br />I reccomend them!
My 8 yo is a Kettle chip addict so I was so happy to find snack size bags for his lunch!!! Great quality and much cheaper than in the stores!!! Will definitely be buying more!
This may sound rediculous, but I actually ordered the wrong brand of potato chips when I ordered these Kettle-brand jalapeno chips.  At the time I placed my order, I couldn't remember the name of the jalapeno chips that I had recently discovered and liked, and the Kettle-brand chips were packaged in a similarly-colored bag.  But, it all worked out for the best because I do really like the Kettle-brand of jalapeno chips, and will happily munch away on them during upcoming TV football games.  When I run out (probably sometime next year!), I will likey purchase Miss Vicky brand of jalapeno chips, and I plan to try the other flavors of Kettle-brand chips.  Imho, Kettle-brand chips are excellent and I recommend them to all potato chip 'affection-ados'.<br /><br />Sincerely,<br /><br />  § homiedog §
I think these chips are awesome if not the best along with Poor Brothers Salt and Vinager chips. But if you buy these Spicy Thai chips in a smaller bag it might have too much of the flavor (at the bottom of the bag) in it then the larger bag at least that was my experience last time I bought these off amazon but that was like in 2010. So I would suggest trying Spicy Thai in a bag bigger then 5 ounces.
This kettle chips taste "Good , Crispy & Crunchy " too ! U will enjoy it also! Moreover,it's thinly cut & sliced!
I knew my family already liked these chips so it was a no brainer to take advantage of a great price for good chips.  The price per bag can't be beat if you order with subscribe and save and the good thing is you can always change the delivery interval if you notice you go through them quicker or slower than you anticipated.
This is a delicious tea!<br /><br />I'm just now becoming a tea geek and really exploring the stuff I like, and Earl Grey is amongst the top, especially with bergamot.<br /><br />The problem I find is the amount of bergamot added is usually too little, or too much.<br /><br />This one is perfect! I really like the balance in the flavor. I don't add anything to this tea, just a part of a teaspoon in a cup and in 2-3 minutes it's ready.<br /><br />Tastes like an expensive tea but priced like Lipton. Definitely recommend it for fans of Earl Grey with a kick!
I bought this tea as an alternative to very pricey Teavana Black Teas. I have a cup every morning, very smooth refreshing tea.
The tea tin is guarding the aroma very well.<br />The taste is beautiful: the Malva flowers do soften the taste and the amount of bergamot is just right.<br />The first time I used too much tea and soaked it for too long (I used as reference Darjeeling FTGFOP First Flush).<br />Since then I save on the quantity of tea leaves and soak the tea for only two minutes.<br />A delight: the best Earl Grey I ever had. The price is very competitive.
Pros:<br />- Extremely fragrant<br />- Full bodied<br />- Can be steeped twice<br />- Nice air-tight container<br />- Organic<br /><br />Cons:<br />- Price<br /><br />The Tao of Tea, Blue Flower Earl Grey Black Tea is the best Earl Grey I have ever tasted, and I would recommend it to anyone.<br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001EPPFGO">The Tao of Tea, Blue Flower Earl Grey Black Tea, Loose Leaf, 3.5-Ounce Tins (Pack of 2)</a>
After a lifetime of tea drinking, I can honestly say that this is the best Earl Grey I have ever tasted.  I have ordered it a number of times, and each batch is consistently excellent. I have even given it as a gift, as its container is superb for keeping loose tea fresh.  The metal canister has an inner lid that is lifted with its own attached knob, so the tea stays dry and fresh for the length of time it takes to use it up.  Do yourself a favor, if you like Earl Grey, and treat yourself to this tea.
These biscuits are delicious, not too sweet, with just enough crunch.  We love them.  Quick delivery. We would order them again.  Very satisfied.
Excellent, lo-fat, lo- calorie treat for dogs. I have a German Shorthair Pointer-and these treats are her favorite( the organic peanut butter cookies are for smaller dogs, but she loves them-and for weight-control I like them!)
My male Maltese dog had been enjoying the Old Roy's Puppy Biscuits from Walmart.  Then I couldn't find them.  I was desperate to find a treat that would measure up.  I ordered six bags of the peanut butter and crossed my fingers.<br /><br />They arrived, and my little guy loves them.  He gets one heart-shaped biscuit at bedtime.  He sleeps in a crate.  When he hears me touch the bag of treats, he beats a path to his crate in high excitement.  They are a BIG hit with my him.  They are well worth the price.  They are high quality and I can even smell peanuts in them.
This product does a great job of clearing out the kidneys.  It has helped make my husband feel lots better even though he is in early renal failure.
Love this with a bag of shrimp 3/4 pound, some stir fry veges and a little onion chopped. Not too hot but very tasty.
So I got this and tasted it strait out of the bottle, it tasted like smoky flavored milk - YUCK! I was depressed I was stuck with 4 bottles of this.  It sat on my shelf and I forgot about it. Last weekend I tasted a Zevia cream soda and was not pleased with the flavor, it tasted weird and smokey like the LorAnn oil I had gotten.  I tried to doctor up the soda with a little SF Vanilla Torani syrup and a tablespoon of heavy cream - IT TASTED AMAZING!!!  The odd smokiness was gone and it had a wonderful rich mouthfeel.<br /><br />So I wanted to see if this would help the LorAnn oil too.  I put a cup of whipping cream in a bowl and added a teaspoon of vanilla and tasted it, it tasted fine.  Then I added ONE DROP of the oil, it is very strong, and stirred it in - IT TASTED SO MUCH BETTER!  I whipped it up and put it on fruit and it was such a treat.<br /><br />Now I will always whip a drop of it with vanilla into desserts and whip cream.  It was such a happy accident to find out how to use it.  When added to vanilla it really adds a new depth of flavor and tastes so different than just out of the bottle or on its own in cream.<br /><br />It is VERY potent so only use a drop and increase after tasting, if you add too much it will ruin the recipe so use a light touch.
We make up a coffee creamer with 1/4 part commercial coffee creamer, vanilla, butter creme, almond and Bavarian Creme flavors and the rest milk.  It tastes wonderful and is half the price of store-bought!<br /><br />It is excellent!
I'm from Detroit, and I was raised on Vernor's ginger ale.  Once I moved to California, though, I found it difficult to find Vernor's.  It would pop up here and there, and then disappear.  I guess without advertising, it just never found a home.<br /><br />I prefer the plastic bottles, but the ideal size is the 16.9 oz (500 ml) or the one liter.  The problem with the two liter size is that it takes one person (me) too long to drink it, letting it go flat.<br /><br />In any case, Vernor's is unique in that it is aged in oak for three years, I think.  That imparts a great, unique flavor.<br /><br />I wish it would catch on again, and become available more widely.<br /><br />(Recently I did see it on sale in Redwood City in California's Bay Area, south of San Francisco.  The next day, it was gone!
I like "Vernor's", and drink it all the time. It is old fashioned drink from Michigan, since 1866, and the labeling was known for its lovely green and gold colors and the gnome character. If you look at the can it is actually called ginger soda instead of ale and is different than typical ginger ale in taste. Vernors has a strong vanilla presence, is smoother and more moist, and sweeter than a ginger ale. It is closer to a cream soda than ginger ale, very good. A ginger ale is more dry, higher in carbonation, and has a spicier bite to it. Vernors has 39 grams sugar per can, versus 33 grams per can for Schweppes Ginger Ale. Neither has caffeine.<br /><br />The recipe has changed a bit over the years mostly in the choice of sweeteners. They use the same high fructose corn syrup that the cost-cutting mega soda companies use, rather than the cane sugar they used to use. The down side to that is that the corn syrup syrup drowns out some of the flavors. Many microbrews are using cane sugar again, although it costs more, to get a better taste. Vernor's is still aged in oak barrels for 3 years, no doubt accounting for the smoothness. All in all a great soda for anytime. The soda is also known, like other ginger drinks, for its use as a home remedy for an upset stomach.<br />Vernor's is a regional soda, and there are many areas of the country you can't find it in. That is why it sells here. They may be selling it in glass bottles again soon, at least there is a page that says so the day I am writing this comment. Search at Amazon for ASIN: B001JK2SEG to see what I mean. Vernors has quite a history, and there are two books at Amazon about the soda. The first is Vernor's Ginger Ale (Images of America: Michigan) ISBN-10: 0738551856. The second book is "The Vernor's Story: From Gnomes to Now" ISBN-10: 0472066978 a book about the company's marketing green and gold packaging with the famous gnome, and Vernor's fans.
If you want to find a good flavor substitute for maple syrup, barley malt, or brown rice syrup, this will do nicely. I use Madhava's agave nectar in my baked goods all the time, and am always pleased with the results. At the time I'm writing this, Amazon was out of stock as a vendor. However, when it was in stock, it was priced well for the 2-pack.<br /><br />Other than baking, I've used it to top waffles, pancakes, and in small doses (1/2 teaspoon) added it to oatmeal. A little goes a long way.<br /><br />Using agave nectar: Use 1/3 to 1/2 less agave nectar than you would another sweetener (depending on your taste and the recipe. Recipes with dried fruit need much less), cut the heat in the oven by 25 degrees F; if there is oil in the recipe, cut it by 1/3 (alternately, use a tablespoon or two of sifted coconut flour to absorb more of the liquid -- just don't use too much or your recipe will be dry). Additionally, when baking, make sure to mix it with the wet ingredients prior to adding it to the dry. Most bakers might already know this, but remember to read recipes first because sugar is typically added with dry ingredients (unless beaten with butter first).<br /><br />Agave nectar does not crystalize like other sugars do, so you won't be able to substitute it for corn syrup in making hard candy. However, I highly recommend it for baking. It makes everything moister.<br /><br />If you are looking for less caramel flavor, you'll need to use the light version of this product (equally good in all applications).
Good quality nectar.  Very tasty.<br /><br />However, I was expecting 46 fluid ounces, not 46 ounces in weight.<br /><br />I find that 46 ounces in weight makes about 32 fluid ounces.
First time I've ever used Agave Nectar -- and it is great.  Keeps the blood sugar stable.  Great buy also!
This sweetner is the best, it brings out the true flavors in what ever you add it to. And it has great health benefts.
I love this stuff.  It sweetens without affecting the blood glucose levels.  Now if I could only figure out how to make tequila I would be set.  Just kidding.
I finally have found a natural sugar substitute that has the added benefit of having a low glycemic index. Agave is delicious! I have recommended it to many friends, and it is very economical to purchase the 46oz bottles.
I used to buy the Wholesome Sweetners agave and like it a little better, but switched because it became too expensive. So this is the cheeper option. The taste is the same, but it seems a little less sweet because I find I have to use more of it to get the right sweetness in my coffee. I don't like the container. It doesn't pour well, so I have to pour it into a better squeeze bottle, so that I don't have a sticky mess on my counter every day. It's fine for the price. I continue to have it shipped to me every other month.
I love using this to sweeten tea, coffee, etc. It tastes much better than other low glycemic sweeteners - there is no bitter aftertaste.
I ordered this product two times now and have been very happy with both the delivery and the product.  It works great for cooking, baking and as a substitute sugar in my Chai lattes.
I really like this product and taste great with the coffee or tea, and I have lost weight by cutting the sugar and replacing it with the honey and Agave nectar.
We have been using 17-Day Diet guided by Low-Glycemic eating for about 6-7 months, with fair success. This amber agave nectar has become our primary sweetener because of the low glycemic effect on blood sugar. The taste is mellow,and the sweetening power is higher than sugar [so you use less], but without the "twang" of honey. the one thing I have not tried it on (still using sugar) is making kombucha - I still use sugar, as I'm not sure it would be a good idea to introduce a raw element into kombucha. But actually, that may just be my own over-caution and nothing related to actual chemistry or circumstance.<br /><br />Our primary uses are sweetening yogurt, using it in the little baking I do, and use in salad dressings, fruit desserts, etc. Because we are limiting our sweets consumption,we don't use a lot of this, but it's nice to have when we need it. I plan to try using it in some homemade jams later this season. I buy it on subscription, and the cost is about 33% less than the local WalMart and more than 50% less than the health food store on this same brand. "Best by" date on the bottles I received in May is 2015.
I am so glad I was introduced the this brand of sweetner to replace sugar, this is so much better. I really like how it sweetens my herbal sweet teas without having to use too much, and how it can be used in place of pancake syrup too. Learning how to use it what the first thing I had to learn, once I learned how to use it, I became hooked. I would not even look at sugar any more. I highly reccomend if you want a clean fresh taste and feel to your foods.If you do purchase this sweetner, take advantage of ship and save, it will save you lots of money in the long run.
I love this product! It is the best natural sweetener I have ever tried, and I have tried many. You can use also as pancake syrup or as a substitute for honey on your peanut butter and honey sandwich. It last a long time, and is a good value.
I have been using Agave Nectar for several months now and have found it to be a staple in my home. Madhava Agave Nectar is good tasting, it was a good buy!
This stuff is great because it's low glycemic. Substitute this to sugar and you'll be doing your body a great favor.  This size is economical and shipping is fast, too.  I got mine very soon.
Save a little money buying in larger quantities, as opposed to the smaller bottles. I like the taste of Agave, cross between honey/maple. Good for pies, cereal, frozen yogurt, etc.
This is an awesome product which I've ordered many times.  Honey-like flavored, lower glycemic sweetener that's great in coffee or tea.
thank you for this product - we use it all the time and appreciate your promptness and the price was excellent.  Thanks again.
I am on a low glycemic index diet to help control my blood sugar and hormone levels. My nutritionist recommended agave nectar as a sweetener since it's GI index is in the low 30's as opposed to honey in the low 50's and sugar in the mid-50's. I've tried supermarkets, health food stores and wholesale clubs. The prices are usually around $13 for a 32oz bottle and this is $19ish for 2x46oz. It's used like honey - substitute 2/3c for every 1c sugar and reduce liquids by 1/4th.<br /><br />I also use it in a carrot cake recipe (equal substitution) instead of sugar where I substitute whole wheat flour instead of white flour and I don't decrease the other liquids. It's delicious and you'd never know that's it's actually good for you.
I was out to dinner with friends & family at "The Saloon" in "Rte 46 Entertainment Complex" in Sanford FL. Besides having an awesome staff (ask for Keith) and fabulous food (the escargot is a MUST) they serve China Mist tea. This is the 1st time I chose the Tropical Organic Green -- I have no doubt it is the best flavored tea I have ever had.
If you've tried the conventional Kettle crinkle chip verson Salt and Peper, you CAN'T compare these to those!  These are easily some of the most spicy chips you will ever eat, but oompletely enjoyable.  You finish the bag and the indside is just coated with spices.  Great stuff.
These are the best tasting tortilla chips I have ever had!  I have become allergic to tomatoes, but I love tortilla chips.  There is so much flavor in these chips that I no longer miss pico de gallo. I prefer to eat them plain. They also have just the right amount of heat to make them flovorful, but not overpoweringly spicy.
These potato chips are DELICIOUS!  I have not had potato chips in approximately two years as it has been difficult to find organic chips.  Amazon lowered the price on these, and I finally had a chance to order them.  I most definitely will be ordering them again!  My family and I love them.  They are pure and void of all artificial flavorings.  The true flavor is present, and it satisifies the need for something salty, sweet, spicy, and crunchy.  A++++
These chips are a great snack if you don't want all the junk assiciated with chips.  Try them you'll like them.
I love these chips. The flavor is not plain. They are sweet and spicy all at the same time.  The only drawback is it has a tad bit too much salt. But, it still a great flavor!
thesedon't like hot food they might be a bit much for you. They have a great balance of sweetness and spice. Of course, Kettle Chips are just good chips - they use good oil to make them and even the plain ones are tasty. I also like that they are ridged chips - those are usually too crunchy and hard to chew for me - I don't want to have to work that hard for my deliciousness. If you like spicy barbecue you will definitely like these chips.
Just the right amount of spice to make them hot and they are also sweet! Very hard to find in New Jersey. Can not have just one bag around!!
I can't believe how wonderful this chip is! The slightly spicy after taste gives the chip extra punch and flavor. My family and I are offically addicted.
These chips are perfect for snacking with or without salsa. The texture is brittle and thin, like other Plocky's chips.<br /><br />The only downside: the spice is minimal.
I think Plocky's brand as a whole is a cut above in quality but I found these to lack in taste somewhat and be a little greasy.
These are the best chips I have ever eaten. Everyone in our family loves them. Sweet but spicy- crispy....really good. Delivery was perfect, no crushed chips. Fantastic overall.
A nice case of chips that are quite tasty. I definitely enjoy the Kettle Sea Salt and Black Pepper. I just wish they were bigger bags :)
I ordered these this week from my organic foods delivery service. OH MY WORD! Spicy (but not burning spicy, more like tongue-warming), sweetish, salty...a really strongly-flavored and delicious chip. If you like barbecue flavor, this is a nice sweet-Mexi-fied barecue.<br /><br />I also like that it's organic.<br /><br />I ate the 5 oz bag in less than 15 minutes. My bad. But dang, if they're not sinfully delicious.<br /><br />Granted, 5oz is not a whole lot (it was skimpy for the price, which is often the case when it comes to organic), but it was 750 calories at a pop. Geesh.<br /><br />Yes, 150 cals per 1 oz serving. That's about par for the course for fried chips.<br /><br />Verdict: Fattening, crispy, flavorful, delicious. Best to stick to very small servings on the side of a low-fat sandwich or soup.<br /><br />Enjoy.<br /><br />Mir
At first you think that these chips aren't all that Spicy, but the spice will grow on you with each bite.  They are really very good!
I can't say enough good things about Plocky's chips!!  I have purchased this flavor and the black bean flavor <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GWKO7G">Plocky's Tortilla Chips, Black Beans 'N Rice, 7-Ounce Bags (Pack of 12)</a> and I love them!  They taste better than more well known brands and are very satisfying.  I have never eaten a tortilla chip that didn't make me feel guilty afterwards.  Not with Plocky's...I always eat less and feel satisfied.  I actually prefer these eaten by themselves..no dips...and I keep a bag in my desk at work.  I have even had them for lunch when there is no time to grab something.  I bring them to work to share with friends and they love them too.  I am a fan of Plocky's chips and will continue to purchase them on Amazon.
My aunt gave me a bag of these and I was immediately addicted. There are actual pieces of beans in the chips and they are not overly salty like other chips. I love the zip, agreed they are awesome without salsa, and no trans fat!
We love these chips. They can be eaten alone, since they are so crisp and tasty or with a dip. Every one that we have introduced the chips to, loves them. And the expiration date is for 8 months from now, so ordering 12 bags didn't come near to them going stale.
I bought these chips, and wanted to try if they were tasty. It sure is!  Unique and different flavor and the right thickness.<br /><br />It remains crunchy, spicy and flavorful with a hint of tabasco and paprika sauce for heat. There are some rice granules embedded with the tortilla chips. However, some of the spices are lacking from this chip. But I liked this very much.<br /><br />I would recommend this to anyone who wants to try a red beans and rice tortilla chips. Go ahead-- you can put other ingredients as nachos except the cheese.  Maybe some el pastor, shredded meat, tomatoes, etcetera.
I Love these chips for its unique taste and incredible crispy texture. Used to get them at Henry's in San Diego, CA before we moved out of there and have been ordering them from Amazon since. Running out of them constantly!
These chips are the only ones I found to be tasty and healthy. They have fewer fat calories plus higher fiber for those who want good taste and nutrition--the perfect blend!
We love these. Can't always get them in local stores, they don't keep them stocked even though we are always buying them out. Strong enough to dip in any condiment, great flavor and grain texture.
These spicy chips have a lot of great flavor but be warned, you will be left with some stanky breath afterwards! The first time I ate these was at night and then even after brushing and flossing I could taste them in my mouth the next morning. So just be careful about when you eat them, especially if you will be hanging out with people later in the day.
The first time I ate these chips was in Aruba in 2007.  I couldn't find them in our area (CT) so you can imagine my joy when I found them on Amazon.  I love these and hope you continue to carry them.  Your prices are terrific too.  I pay $2.99 in Aruba and they run about $2.46 a bag when I buy the case of 12 through Amazon.  Good job!!!!  Only problem is, now everybody wants them here and they steal my bags when the case comes in, but that's ok...sharing is good.
These chips are delicious. If you like salt & pepper flavored chips with a solid crunch, then you can't go wrong with these--they are the tastiest bag I've come across. The sea salt is easier on the palette than regular salt, in fact I have trouble cutting myself off mid-bag even though I normally enjoy a low sodium diet. I would feel like less of a lush if they had them in the 8-9oz bags.
I used to buy these at the local supermarket, but they are no longer carried there.  Finding them on Amazon I purchased a box and found they were fresh and delicious as I remembered.  For chips they are also very healthy.  I definately will buy them again.
Plocky's Red Beans and Rice Tortilla Chips are really tasty. I shared a few bags with my daughter in Iraq. She said Ummm they are Good. They are good for you too. No artificial stuff.
We like Plockys<br />They like us.<br />Plockys Plockys.<br />Mean no fuss.<br />Taste so good.<br />And healthy too.<br />Plockys Plockys.<br />Grab a bag or two.<br />Thank you Plockys!!
I Love these potato chip they r soooo good! =) sweet and spicy but not overwhelming just enough to work up the palate, not salty just enough to balance out the sweetness I will be ordering these again soon. LOVe IT!
The best potato chips I've ever had at the best price I've ever paid. The service was respectable and the shipping free.
I love this product.  All of the different flavors are fantastic.  My family likes the 3 grain the best.  No more corn tortilla chips in this house!
Love these chips, and I don't even like black beans.  Very tasty.  Yum!!  Plus, good for you!
These chips are FANFREAKINTASTIC. They are with out a doubt the best chips that I have ever had. A nice sweet smoky flavor and then a little bit-o-heat. OH YA BABY.
Nice amount of heat and smoke. Very tasty chip that goes great with a brew.
These chips are salty with a hint of sweet. They are crisp and crunchy. They are the best chips I've ever had!
We ordered these only because the Black Beans and Rice,which we really. really love, was out of stock.  After about a week, we finally opened up a package and then kicked ourselves for not having tried them earlier.  There is a little kick to them after you swallow them to let you know you have had a hint of hot pepper of some sort.  We took them to a pot luck that night and came home with an empty bag.  I used them, from another bag, as a garnish on a salad that I took to the pot luck and we came home with an empty salad bowl!<br />We will definitely order these again.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GWLUGU">Plocky's Tortilla Chips, Red Beans 'N Rice, 7-Ounce Bags (Pack of 12)</a>
I was first introduced to the Red Rice & Beans chips in my hometown of Bethlehem, PA.  When I moved to North Carolina I was unable to find these chips in my local area.  On my trips back home, I would buy a bunch of bags to bring back with me to NC.  Then I discovered that I could order them on-line and life was great.  These chips are my all time favorite and everyone that I serve them to loves them just the same.  You just gotta try them ... you'll be hooked !!!  ..... Nancy Walsh
Ok. If you don't want to get addicted, don't try Plocky's Red Beans and Rice Tortilla Chips! My husband and I started with one seemingly anodyne bag from a store. Now, we've just received our second case. It won't last long. Beware.
My husband (who, being Mexican, is very picky about his tortilla chips) and I absolutely love these!  The texture is light and crispy, rather than thick and crunchy. He actually usually prefers a very hearty, cruncy chip (Like El Ranchero), but the flavor of these is so fantastic that we're both thilled with them. The bean, rice and corn base makes them incredibly flavorful, and they have a touch of onion and garlic in addition to that. We go through an embarrassing amount of them.  I never, ever like plain chips, but these I can eat without anything else, although they're particularly amazing with a fresh salsa.  I highly recommend these!
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GWLUGU">Plocky's Tortilla Chips, Red Beans 'N Rice, 7 Ounce Bag (Pack of 12)</a>  I first tasted these chips while visiting relatives in KY.  They are not available where I live, so I ordered them from Amazon.  WOW!  My friends and family are all addicted to them.  The spicy flavor grabs you at the first bite.  Once a bag is open, it is gone!
We like these chips for salsa and quacomole better than any other cips on the market. They are even great by themselves. We will order these as long as they are available. Thank you for making them accessable.<br /><br />  Shelly Kenyon
Plocky's chips are made of several whole grains and have a touch of sweetness.  They are a little lower in fat and sodium than regular tortilla chips.  The flavor out performs any tortilla chip I have ever eaten.  They hold up great to salsas and dips.  Nothing wimpy about them.  I just wish the company made a bigger bag!  Love them.  Usually found in the organic foods section of the grocery, but seem to be difficult to obtain as the shelf is always empty.  Order by the case.  You'll be glad you did as they disappear fast.
I love these chips and ordered them after I had some in Florida.  My case of chips came without any packing inside.  All bags in a box with no cushioning at all.  Needless to say most of the chips were broken and I would not order them again.  A great item but if they can't package to aid in minimal chip breakage then one is wasting their money.
I received this chips in a gift basket and absolutely loved them. I searched high and low, but was unable to find them until I saw them here. I immediately ordered a case. These chips are light, crispy, flavorful, and good for you. I love them with dip, in chili, or just plain. Once you try them, you'll be hooked!
These chips are truly amazing. They have it all. They're light, crisp, great tasting, nice texture, AND they're all natural... AND low in fat and sodium! Need I say more? I recently bought a bag of them at a regular grocery store, and couldn't belive my taste buds. That's why I excited why I saw them here on Amazon, and decided to buy a case!
These are the most fantastic chips I've ever had!  I could eat the whole bag myself!  They're made with lots of whole grain and beans, and make a complete protein, so I have no qualms about feeding them to my kids as snacks.  They are great!  The only problem I have with them:  The bag is too small!!!  We need a bigger bag!! :)
They did a very good job with shipping the order quickly....Nothing like Ace Hardware who took a week to ship
Wonderful candy, hard to find.  I got a huge bag and put it in freezer.  It came shipped nicely in a sturdy box and heavy plastic. Just great!
I bought thi9s for my dad for a surprise birthday present because he could not find them any where else!!
So surprised to find the Taiwan-shaped pineapple cakes, they are so cute!<br />I've never found any pineapple cake like this at our local Asian supermarkets, so I ordered some from here. These lovely pastries made our Dragon Boat Festival party much more fun. My friends and I think it is a good idea to  order them again for our Mid-Autumn Festival party.
I really like the pineapple shortcakes sold here. Unlike some of the mass-production pineapple shortcakes that use artificial flavoring, Tasselfield's pineapple shortcakes use real pineapples and it makes the whole world difference. You can even taste the fibers from pineapple.<br /><br />I opted for the traditional pineapple this time. I will be interested in trying out the Longan or mango variety next time.
I purchased this 24 pack of Big Ass soda and only got 23. Immediately I was all like "Oh man, this is gonna suck!". Regardless of the quantity error though, it sure kicked some red.<br /><br />Everyone in my town absolutely loves it. I highly recommend along with other soda, Voltages.<br /><br />-Malcom
Well being the big red fan that I am, I bought some of this. First of all let me tell you the price is amazing, I mean where else can you get this type of deal in Saudi Arabia. Everyone in village loved it, of course now they are wondering when the next shipment will get it.
This cinnamon cake loaf has a wonderful natural flavor.  It's moist and tender and a great little sweet treat when you want something that isn't terribly bad for your diet.  It's delicious!
I work in college Financial Aid and keep a bowl of these on my desk for the students.  I used to buy them in the grocery store then learned I could get them for less online ($17 for 3lb bag) and thought that was a good deal - until I found this GREAT deal!
Well worth the money. I did the calculations on different bags and this dollar amount  is an excellent value. There are approx 2338 pops in the box. So far I've been through about half the box and have found about 3 without wrappers. That's pretty good considering. If you need 30lbs of dum-dums go for this product. Enjoy.
This is pretty good canned meat. The sausage I used in dirty rice, the hamburger I used for taco salad, the chicken with wild rice, and the pork with stuffing. the turkey I gave to a neighbor because I don't eat it. The various meats are all pretty good quality and was enough for 3 large portions each can. There weren't large chunks of fat or gristle in any of the cans, which I've experienced plenty with some brands of canned meats. The proportion of liquids to meat was fair too, it's not one of those with a spoonful of meat and the rest is liquid either, though it does all need to be cooked and shrinks quite a bit due to high fat content in the meat. None of the meat was seasoned, at all. This is very helpful as the meat can be used with any flavoring. There is a mild "spam"-like texture and taste to the meats(but way better than spam any day), almost a brine or something, that's why I heavily seasoned it. Don't plan on frying anything in the fat from these meats, it gave everything a slightly rancid, soury taste...no idea why! Due to the higher calories and higher price, I will only stock this as emergency food. I will buy more for that reason.
Bear with me while I do amazon's work for them and copy from the Lakewood website:<br />---------------------------------------<br />Nutrition Facts<br />32oz UPC 042608460503<br /><br />Serving Size 8 oz<br />Serving Size 240 ml<br />Amount Per Serving<br />Calories 125  Calories from Fat 25<br />% Daily Value*<br />Total Fat 3.5g  6%<br />Saturated Fat 0.5g  4%<br />Trans Fat 0g<br />Cholesterol 0mg  0%<br />Potassium 370mg  10%<br />Sodium 25mg  1%<br />Total Carbohydrate 28g  9%<br />Dietary Fiber 4g  16%<br />Sugars 21g<br />Protein 2g<br /><br />Omega 3 40mg, Omega 6 600mg, Omega 9 2400mg, Vitamin A 20%, Vitamin C 100%, Calcium 6%, Iron 8%, Vitamin E 6%, Vitamin B1 (Thiamin) 6%, Vitamin B2 (Riboflavin) 4%, Niacin 6%, Vitamin B6 8%, Folate 8%, Magnesium 8%, Zinc 2%, Phosphorous 4%, Vitamin K 15%,<br />*Percent Daily values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet<br /><br />Ingredients<br />Certified Organic Juice Blend (Organic Acai, Organic Apple, Organic Concord Grape, Organic Grape, Organic Pomegranate, Organic Blackberry, Organic Blueberry, Organic Red Tart Cherry, And Organic Acerola Cherry From Concentrate); Organic Goji Berry, Natural Fiber (Organic Guar, Xanthan, Carrageenan, Sodium Alginate And Organic Locust Bean), And Organic Rose Hip.<br /><br />Gluten FREE* Casein FREE GMO FREE*<br />100% Fruit Juices are Gluten-Free<br />---------------------------------------<br /><br />This is an excellent Lakewood juice- they call it juice but it's as thick as an Odwalla drink like a smoothie. With all that's in it, this is a very good value. Considering you can pay as much for any one of the ingredients in it. My personal use is to add this to kombucha, maximizing it's longevity that way, I've tried many but this one is the best for kombucha. They say an 8oz glass has 2 servings of fruit on the Lakewood website. It's quite tasty in that it's not too sweet, very thick textured even with the tiny bits of seed in it reminiscent of a banana smoothie. The ingredient list is somewhat confusing but note that only the Acerola Cherry is from concentrate, everything else is fresh pressed. Acai is very high on the ORAC scale of anti-oxidants, Rose Hips are also very high, everything else is in the mid to high range of fruit. Pomegranate has many beneficial properties beyond just anti-oxidants as well, it's a noteworthy fighter of heart disease and Alzheimer's type dementia. Considering the price of Goji berries I really like their inclusion in this drink, albeit at a lesser level.<br /><br />BTW: Amazon had only 1 day wait before shipping.
If this flavor lasted longer than it does, I'd probably die of starvation for lack of wanting to take it out of my mouth.
this gum is super sick.tatooes are killin.flavor is a spankin'.this brings back bomb diggity memories yo.peace out.
This is pretty good regular style soy sauce.  But it is not super-wonderful-better than any other good quality soy sauce you can buy in an Asian market.  The main value is as a unique gift.<br />  In the Japanese soy sauce world, there are 4 types: regular, mild (usukuchi), for raw fish (sashimi) and light colored.  Bluegrass soy sauce is regular style.  Compared to Kikoman (a good commercial brand that is widely available) Bluegrass starts saltier, is flat in the middle, then ends with a complex & interesting flavor.  Kikoman is less salty initially and has a round, full flavor in the middle.  Doesn't have the complex ending flavors.  For me, the initial saltiness of Bluegrass is a minus and Kikoman's full middle flavor is a plus.  I prefere Kikoman, especially for dipping sushi where the flavor is more direct.  But I lived in Japan for many years and am used to the standard Japanese flavor.  I haven't tried Bluegrass blended in other food as a background flavor, which is how soy sauce is usually used.<br />  Bluegrass is a perfectly good soy sauce.  Each brand has a different flavor and everyone has their favorite.  If you want a unique Kentucky gift for an Asian friend, this is different than the standard bottle of Bourbon or box of chocolate.
I watched an episode o "How Things are Made" on Discovery Channell and saw Bluegrass Soy Sauce featured.  On a whim, I ordered a bottle.  It took several weeks to arrive, but when it did - what a surprise.  My teenage son wanted to try it, and did.  He loved it immediately.  Now he puts it on many things. My wife and I were very pleasantly surprised and liked it very much.  In the past, I made many trips to the Far East and developed a real liking for Soy Sauce (where virtually all of it is made).  What a treat to find a handmade American product, that competes with (and wins), against a Japanese/Chinese national staple!
My bottle arrived just in time for a sushi dinner and game night planned with friends.  I had three soy sauces to choose from.  After some sampling we were all using the Bluegrass!  Everyone enjoyed the light smoothness a subtle sweetness.  We were splashing right on every piece, rather that dunking/dipping. Friends wanted to know where I found it. I'm going back to order more right now, and I'll be ordering 3 extra bottles because they are going to make a great little gift that's affordable and unique; instead of the traditional bottle of wine that so common it's boring.
If you enjoy the flavor of soy you will really like this.<br /><br />Plus its hand made in the good ole USA.
I recently acquired a bottle of this and was immediately impressed.  It has good flavor without all the excessive saltiness of supermarket brands.  I've used it for marinades and dipping sauces in addition to straight use and in all cases it has added a little something extra.  Quite a surprise to find an American made soy sauce that tastes this good!
This soy sauce is the best we have ever had.  Thanks to Amazon, we were able to find it again.  It makes a big difference when using this product.  Thanks again
This is the most delicious soy sauce I have ever tasted.  I will surely order it again.  Such deep flavor.
Saw this on How it is made, which was a very interesting process.<br />Decided to give it a try, I really enjoy the flavor it adds.<br />Looking forward to trying it on several more dishes.<br />Thanks to those who brewed it!
most soy sauce is from Japan but they are having problems with radiation in their soy bean fields. I am not sure how long the contamination will last. I like the idea this product claims no GMO seeds. yea  You pay more but decided not to take a chance on Japan.
I'm pleased with these- wasn't sure how they'd be able to replicate the autumn classic flavors of caramel apples, but figured Werther's was a good bet.  I'm diabetic, so wolfing down a real caramel apple when the mood strikes just can't happen as often as I'd like to do so.  But these are tasty enough to get me through until I can 'carb budget'  the real thing. These are made with sugar alcohols, so it's wise to limit how many are eaten in a day unless you're going to be near home and have turbo-flush on your toilet.  (TMI???)  This pack of 6 will last a while, but they're definitely a 'will reorder'.  :)
This is a bold blend that has a great taste. The flavor comes bursting through. I usually brew & drink Organic Sumatra Mandeling from BJ's. I use this blend exclusively, so to get a cup that rivals the complex flavor from my Tassimo brewer is fantastic. Come on Amazon add it to the subscription service.
We've tried many Tassimo flavors.  This is by far our favorite.  Our normal cup of coffee is Starbuck's house blend out of a Cuisinart pot but one or two days a week we use our Tassimo.  This coffee is rich but not too stong.  I don't understand the current price over $20 for 14 disks and hope that it will be lowered on Amazon.  For now, we'll buy elsewhere.
This is one of the best choices, in my opinion.  I also adore Amazon, but they need to negotiate a better price for their Tassimo Disks.  These are available at BedBath & Beyond for $10. and I always get 20% off which brings it down to $8.00 --- they were $7.50 (before the 20% off readily available coupons) until about 3 months ago.  Again, this is an excellent blend with full flavor - not bitter - I think it's my favorite.
I have tried about 75% of the available T-Discs, and the Kona Blend is one of the best regular/unflavored coffees for Tassimo. It has a nice smooth flavor that is not overpowering, and has a pleasant aroma. Personally, I would enjoy it more if it were stronger/bolder. However, being a bit mild, it goes well with breakfast and/or (gluten-free) baked goodies. I find it mildly perplexing that this product is not available from tassimodirect, nor is a subscription service available. Originally found this at (Dead Bats from) Beyond, used a 20% coupon, and was happy with the final price.
Of all the coffee's available for Tassimo this Kona has the richest flavor and fantastic aroma by<br />far my favorite.
I think these are my favorite cookies ever. Really light and creamy. Too bad you can no longer find them anywhere for less than two-hundred count! I don't think I need THAT many.
The Milka Naps Mix Gift Box is a fun, unique gift for those tired of Whitman's and the usual American brands. Nothing wrong with Whitman's, but sometimes a change of look and flavor is nice.<br /><br />As a sampler, it provides only a few of the Milka options. Four flavors are here: noisette, hazelnuts, alpine milk and strawberry. All are delicious, though I don't like strawberry/chocolate (in any candy) personally, and give those away to eager friends. The Naps box are perfect for coffee tables and as a standalone dish at work.<br /><br />Milka and its famous purple cow, is owned by Kraft, is an eastern European chocolate originally produced in Switzerland and is available in Germany, Austria, Hungary and other nearby countries.<br /><br />Distribution is still weak in the United States, but can be found increasingly in larger cities. Usually, then, it is found only in international grocery stores, though it pops up in eclectic grocers from time to time. It has been around 100 years. Whether or not Kraft will change the recipe has yet to be seen. For now, the texture and taste are better than Hershey's and Nestle. It is a smoother, creamier basic chocolate.<br /><br />I fully recommend the Milka Naps Mix Gift Box.<br /><br />Anthony Trendl<br />editor, HungarianBookstore.com
I ordered for my dad for fathers day and he ate the whole box within two days.<br />He said it tasted really good, now I want to order some for myself, haha.
Great candy and our family loved it.  It was smaller than I imagined it and I thought it was expensive for how small it was.  However, I am in Germany and can get it easier here.  The shipping to the USA makes it expenive.  Great product and fun for our USA family to receive.
I eat mustard with everything, this is hands down THE BESt mustard I have ever tried, in fact everyone I tell to try some, falls in love with it as well. Spicy, tasty, real quality.<br />If you like spicy mustard, you will love this.
This product works wonders if you have stomach issues.  I would buy again once I need more. :0)
Our ferret loves this rabbit; it's a nice high protein treat in addition to his regular Evo ferret diet. The price was reasonable compared to our local pet store, which doesn't often have this item in stock.
My son made this.  He didn't have the patience to be precise about the water temperature and when, half an hour before it was done, it appeared not to have risen at all--I feared for the worse.  Determined to be polite, I agreed to have a sandwich using the bread.  It was amazing.  Apparently it rises during the baking or something.<br /><br />Great tangy flavor (perfect for a meat sandwich imho) and not heavy at all.  Fortunately we had lots of deli meats, since the whole loaf disappeared within the hour.<br /><br />We've had all but the sourdough peasant bread so far; I'm sure that will be delicious as well.
These were great - just as described. Used them for a bee-themed party, and now we use them as "to go" packs of honey for our coffee and tea.
Really easy project for family fun anytime not just for Christmas. Just put icing between cookies and stack. Then ice outside and decorate. Great for all ages. Strawberry licorice rope looks like stuck together but just find end and unwind.<br /><br />* CAUTION UNDER 3** Small hard candy decorations swallowing hazard.<br /><br />Comes with everything you need except bowls an spoons.<br />contains :<br />cookie pieces<br />Large bag yellow colored icing ( East to mix with just fork, you add water slowly as to not get to thin)<br />small white icing bag (you add water slowly)<br />green color to add to small amount of white<br />3 clear decorator<br />4 plastic decorator tips ( can save to reuse)<br />small bead candy for decoration 9chokign hazard)<br />strawberry licorice rope<br />1 small tube of orange writing icing<br />Hard candy wreath decoration about 2" diameter<br />Gummy Spongebob about 4" tall<br />Gummy Patrick about 4" tall<br /><br />Icing set up hard so when you go to eat  it has to be pried apart in pieces. Cookies do get a little softer in the middle.<br /><br />Make anytime of year. Leave off wreat and Patrick and cut out Spongebob's head so does not look like chirstmas.
My son is a SB fanatic so I was so excited to find this for the 2010 holiday season as every year we do some version of gingerbread. I knew by reading reviews that there wouldn't be enough yellow frosting so I whipped up so edible glue (water and confectionery sugar) to hold the levels of gingerbread that make the pineapple and save the yellow frosting for the outside - this worked great. It was a really fun idea that we enjoyed creating. The licorice was worthless though...
I was pleasantly surprised to find this item had been delivered the day after my order, my speediest delivery to date. It probably helps my location is near. Everything looks just as described and pictured and I'm very happy to have done business with this seller. The Gingerbread house was carefully packaged as not to harm the fragile pieces inside. I'm excited to give this item as a gift.
These cookies were fun to paint but not too tasty to eat!<br />The kids did not really care much, but it might have been<br />more fun if they could have eaten them.<br /><br />They really had fun coloring them!
This tea is the best tea i've ever had. i first tasted it in norway, and had to find it in the states. i have it every morning.
I love the aroma and the taste of the fruit and vanilla combo, and the addition of ginseng for an added energy boost rounds this tea out nicely for me. It's a sweet tea, which makes it a wonderful healthy alternative to desert after dinner.<br /><br />I see that others didn't like it, but it's really a matter of personal taste...different courses for different horses!
The best chocolate in the world, in this critic's humble opinion, is made in the United States. And the best chocolate in the United States is made in California, by the Ghirardelli Chocolate Company. It is surely the best chocolate that one can find in so many stores, malls, etc. throughout the United States. Their actual stores are rare, but Kroger, Wal-Mart, Martin's (formerly Ukrops) and a long list of other grocery stores and many malls stock their products.<br /><br />I have never encountered milk chocolates with caramel filling to surpass the quality of these. These are chocolates deserving of poetry. You can eat them quickly, or take your time and savor every moment of eating every one. The choice is up to you.
This is a good quality brand of chocolate with many flavours of which this is just one. Very tasty and a fast delivery too
My mother and father were the recipient of these wonderful pieces of chocolate heaven.  They didn't believe they deserved receiving these, but I know they did deserve to receive these!
This is the best caramel/chocolate combination I have ever tasted. The caramel is liquid and complements the Ghiradelli chocolate perfectly. Do not try this brew if you are attempting to lose weight - you will end up an addict like me.<br />  The Ghiradelli product is far better than the Caramello/Hershey product in every way. The Caramello chocolate lacks the refined taste of the Ghiradelli squares, and the Caramello caramel is harder and not as sublime in taste. Comparing the two is like comparing Warren Buffett to myself in terms of wealth. Unfortunately I am the Caramello bar in this regard.<br />  At the very least try the Ghiradelli.
This chocolate treat is a great gift and it arrived right when I expected it to. I gave it to my girlfriend as a surprise gift and she absolutely loved it.
the first time i ordered this it came all melted but amazon was quick to remedy the situation by sending me another of the product and it was great thank you
Low calorie and satisfying. These soups are a nice fill in when you don't want too much but don't want to be hungry for a few hours.
Purchased this as a gift for my mother when it was a lightning deal.  She was very happy and loved the basket.  She enjoyed the cookies and the flavors of tea that were included.  Shipped quick and arrived when expected.
Received very quickly and extremely well packaged.  Since this is a smaller sized basket, it would be an adorable present for anyone who likes tea, for self or just to have to hand.  Very nicely assembled with attention to detail.
These small chocolate cups are a specialty party item that I have never been able to find in the past when I wanted them.  Amazon now provides a link.  They can be used for what are commonly called "jello shots," and provide a solid edible alternative to small paper cups.
I bought these chocolate liquor cups for a party! It was a big hit. They are high quality and a good buy.
Great for serving Chocolate liquor. Adds a touch of class to your event and elevates you to host supreme. Being able to eat the cup afterwards is just icing on the cake.
Delicious chocolate cups, each in its own aluminum holder.  I could not find these in any local store, so was happy to find them on-line.<br />Most people are unaware of them, so they are impressed when I serve them a little cordial or other liquor in a chocolate cup.  After sipping the<br />liquor, you can eat the cup.  What could be nicer?  Excellent product.
The holiday liquor cups were exactly what I was looking for.  The chocolate is<br />delicious and holds up well to the liquors
strawberry twist has a long-lasting pleasant flavor SWEET-but, not excessively so. delivery is timely and price is just right. Supieror to other TRIDENT flavors! Though, SPEARMINT isn't bad either. My next pick would be blueberry
I love this flavor and I cant find it on the shelves anymore. The gum tasted fresh which is actually way better than when I used to buy it in stores!
If some other yahoo deems it ok to give give a suck review to this stuff because he doesn't like the taste, I feel I must assert that in this -as in all matters of taste- "De Gustibus Non Disputandem Est".<br /><br />I really love this gum. OK it doesn't really taste like strawberry, but it's still delicious. It has a wonderfully smooth consistency about halfway through, but then it gets tired, stuff, and squeaky.<br /><br />You'll forgive the squeaks perhaps when you find, as I did, that this stuff is a wonderful dietetic aid. By obsessively chewing this product I filled my gut with odorless room air and so helped me lose 25# in 3 months.<br /><br />Also, it doesn't lose its flavor on the bedpost overnight.
BEST DOG FOOD ON THE MARKET TODAY.  HAD NUMEROUS EAR PROBLEMS WITH OUR COCKER SPANIEL AND THEY HAVE CLEARED UP SINCE TAKING THIS FOOD.
My father could no longer take care of his beloved 6 year old Cocker Spaniel, so I decided to take her into my family. When I brought her to NYC she had ear and eye discharge. She was also  slightly overweight. After a check up with a vet that ruled out infection, I decided to try Royal Canin based on the numerous good reviews.Within a week her ear and eye problems were gone and she dropped a good amount of weight. This is going to be the only food that we will be feeding her!
Our Spaniel has tried several foods in her 6 years, and this is the only one she will eat by itself without any "people food" being added (of course, we still treat her occasionally).  When we went in for our 12 month tooth-cleaning appointment, the vet told us to take her home as her teeth didn't need any cleaning for another 6 months, at least.  It is specially designed for their teeth and health needs, and she loves it.  And it is actually cheaper here than at the fancy pet store!  What more could you ask?
Royal Canin was recommended for my dog, but since this line of dog food is specific to breed, it was difficult to find in stores.  PetsMart and Petco carried the Cocker Spaniel formula but only in smaller bags which is much more expensive on a per ounce ratio.  Finding a larger bag has been a great deal.  My cocker loves the food too!
This is food especially designed for Cocker spaniels who have a range of health issues...I have been using this product with three of my dogs and all of them are very happy with it. It also is packaged very well and as a result stays fresh for a long period of time. Great product!
I tired many different dog foods over the 3 yrs I have my cocker spaniel. I then came upon this breed specific dog food & figured I'd try it. My dog loves this food and always finishes his food. I've used this for over 1 yr now & he has not tired of it. I have seen a significant change (for the better) in him, he's more active and doing well.<br /><br />I only buy this brand food for him now.<br /><br />Buster gives it 2 paws up & I give it 5 stars.
I bought this for my one year old Cocker. However all the dogs love it. All their coats look better, they all shed less, eat less, use the bathroom less, my Cocker used to have this one chronic ear since the time I have had her as a puppy that it just gave her problems. It seems to have cleared up, no more smell. Her eyes give her less problems. And my 7yr old Yorkie he eats less, he used to throw up all the time had the most sensitive tummy. Our black lab mix, hot spots and she would just lick her fur off. All these great changes in a matter of a month.  I do mix it roughly 50/50 with Naturals dog food blend.  They are doing great.<br /><br />Sept 2012<br />I love this breed specific food, however I just went to place my next bi-monthly order and I am shocked at the price hike in just over a month!  I paid<br />$41.79 on Aug 3 for a 25lb bag and here it is Sept 20Th and the price has is now $53.94, a difference of $12.15 in price!  This is a huge amount to go up considering that I am assuming this is a price gouge; due to the speculation over crops :( I will look to my local vet for this product. I can get a large bag now less at Petco as well with the discounts they offer. They will order a larger bag if you ask.
fast and great service, my Cavashon Loves this low fat dog food. Thanks. Arrived in great condition, thank you thank you thank you
We are Chocolate Moose & Mickey Moose,<br /><br />Our nice owner bought this great food for us.  We love it very much, I have gained 5 lbs. because I eat all of Mickey's food when he isn't looking!  Our skin and fur is much better now too.  :)
My 7 year old Cocker Spaniel loves this food and it's good for him -- he needs to lose a few pounds and this is doing the trick.  Glad I found it on Amazon.  Hard to find elsewhere.
My 50lb bag of oatmeal seemed like way too much, but as time went on I found more and more uses for it. I have so many recipes that I make weekly that I'm running out! This is a very high quality oatmeal and much cheaper and better than anything I've found in the grocery store.
Better than organic oats advertised elsewhere. Takes lots of water. These are not minute oats, so my oatmeal cookies come out right, not all crumbly and soggy. (Instant oats have their place, but not in cookies).
Honeyville Rolled Oats is a delicious product.  I am using them to make a product designed to increase and enrich the milk production in lactating mothers.<br />The oats were shipped to me in a timely fashion and the amazing thing is I only paid $4.99 shipping for 50lbs of oats!  I encourage anyone who likes oats to order Honeyville Rolled Oats.  Their flavor is above all the rest.
Nice flavor, not too bitter.  We really like this coffee.  We have been searching for a coffee that pleases the whole family's tastes and this is the one.
My first taste of this tea saved my trip home from Santa Cruz, when both the hotel and a restaurant had stale powder in the tea bags.  How I needed my fix!  A tourist stop with a giant artichoke beckoned, and this Chinese Breakfast / Yunnan Black Tea set me straight.<br /><br />Other reviewers have said it tastes odd.  The flavor is strong and a bit smoky, like Darjeeling, only earthier.  Like Darjeeling or Earl Grey, it has enough flavor on its own -- no milk or sugar needed.  But it's expensive by the box of teabags.  Finding it loose in large quantities at this price is fantastic!  It arrived promptly, well-sealed, and true to the label -- unlike some "loose" tea that's actually cut up, this has the whole leaves that unfurl.  Ahhh.
This tea has surpassed all other breakfast teas in this tea-drinking household. We love it and it really starts the morning off right. Perhaps it has more caffeine than our old favorites?? The taste is wonderful without any additions and it will remain our tea of choice in the morning and often throughout the day.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001ELL9X6">Numi Organic Tea Chinese Breakfast Yunnan Black Tea, Loose Leaf, 16 oz bag (Pack of 2)</a>I brew iced tea in the refrigerator by the half-gallon with this tea. Excellent. The resealable bags work well, and unopened they protect my large stash, making it easier to manage my subscription.
I've used maybe half a dozen bags of this tea in the last year and it is a delicious, consistently good quality black tea. Mainly I use it and several other Numi teas in my tea blends for making kombucha.
I grew up on Yunnan tea as a child - it was always my mother's favorite - so I was happy to find an economical source of it of a quality that was great for a "large volume" habitual tea drinker like me. This tea is my daily regular tea. Yunnan is nice in that it will brew dark so you do not need much at a time. It's aromatic and flavorful without any additives. If you want something that is flowery yet more subtle than Earl Grey this Yunnan or a Keemun may be a nice option to explore.
It always amazes me that there are not dozens of reviews here extolling the fine qualities of this tea.  I have drunk it pretty much every day for the last five years and I never get tired of it.  It's an excellent morning tea, is smooth without being insipid, and is almost impossible to ruin by oversteeping. Just use decent water.  I like a little stevia in it, as I'm a wimp. It brings out the natural sweetness of its malty, slightly floral style.  I just bought another two pounds.
I hardly ever write reviews but this tea is quite excellent.  I decided to try it without any sweetener or any other added taste enhancers.  It is flavorful without being overpowering.  It is a great pleasure to have a fine tea like this loose and reasonably priced.  After the first try I have continued to drink it just as it comes.  You can see by the leaves once they are soaked that it is a premium tea.
I read the other reviews before purchasing am pleased that I did. I have purchased other Numi teas and gave generally been happy with all of theri products.
Having eaten (and re-eaten) my way though all of the DAS caramel range, this remains my all-time favorite, and the one that usually gets the most rave reviews when I share them (which isn't an easy thing to do - just try one and you'll see what I mean).  I've been a caramel fan for ages, and while Werthers Butterscotch will do in a pinch, nothing has come closer to what my mother used to make than these.  They are chewy, buttery, and the little crunches of salt are spectacular (OK my mother didn't put salt in hers, this is an improvement).
Although I did enjoy the other flavor I ordered a tiny bit more, the Chocolate with walnuts one, this was still a very enjoyable flavor.  Wonderful service from Ms. Das, including a hand signed coupon for a discount on future orders, along with samples of a couple other caramel flavors.  I'd order this or the Chocolate and walnut flavor again for sure, along with more of Das Food's gourmet salt.
This is certainly the best caramels I have ever had.  I just wish it came in bigger pieces.  I finished the whole box in one sitting!  I will certainly buy them again.
being an old chemist with a spectrophotometer I am pleased when the chemical is what they say it is this is what they advertized
This baking soda works great for cooking or for health reasons.  I take it for acid indigestion and heart burn.  Just a 1 tsp in a half glass of water and it's gone.  I use it to make my body more alkaline, so it's great for changing your pH level in your body!
I recently started using Bob's Red Mill Baking Soda.  I'm very pleased with it's performance and I can be sure that it is not contaminated with aluminum.  Thanks, Bob!
The product is of high quality, and has a rich full flavor.<br /><br />Delivery was unexpectedly fast.<br /><br />The only negative I would like to see addressed is that the product is packed in a heavy paper sack. While this may be commonplace, a significant improvement would be to have an inner liner of a heavy weight, food grade, plastic bag that can be sealed after each time you open the bag.  Could be either a zip-lock bag or a twist tie closure... doesn't make any difference... just need a practical way to preserve the freshness of the product and keep the bugs out of it.<br /><br />This is a health and spoilage issue... 50#'s of oatmeal is a lot of product and needs to either be repackaged by the consumer in small food grade bags or containers (very expensive and hard to find}. I am a single senior who likes to buy staple goods in bulk to save money and provide food security.  Long term storage is a big issue with people like me.<br /><br />Thom (Missouri)
I'm happy with the quality of the product and the price. Like the other reviewer, I would prefer if there was a plastic liner to preserve freshness. However, I will continue to buy this product regardless as it is quality oatmeal at a good price.<br /><br />Edit: I'm on my 4th bag, quality continues to be high.
Product is fresh, good and I'm not getting complaints anymore.<br /><br />That's worth the large quantity and shipping charges.<br /><br />Hey, its oatmeal. My favorite!
Good quality oats. Package came on time. Oats worked well in recipes. I will admit, as a single person I bought these oats with my boyfriend for breakfast food- it lasted us for the year.<br /><br />Otherwise it's an excellent buy.
I looooove pocky, got once at lucky's and couldnt stop, its like the chocolate is laced with crack. anywho, the product is good, the only sad thing is that it was shipped or stored in a hot room and the chocolate melted together partially, but it didnt take too much effort to take apart the sticks.<br /><br />Great product, and great price from this merchant!
Of the many purchses I made on Amazon this past December, I was most pleased with the Pocky Chocolate Cream Covered Biscuit Sticks (Pack of 10). They arrived on time, and they were a 'hit' as a surprised gift. Be sure to keep them refridgerated.
Got these for my kids as Christmas stocking stuffers.  They love them.  As far as delivery, the product came in good condition, timely, and was terrific.  Definitely a good buy.
I'm not sure how you review something that's as subjective as taste, but suffice to say that if you like chocolate and graham cracker, you'll like this (it doesn't taste exactly like either of those, but that's the closest analogy for me).  The sticks themselves are a cracker of some kind, dipped in chocolate, with one end left just normal cracker to you don't get your fingers covered in chocolate while eating.<br /><br />Here's some of the nitty gritty details - each of the boxes contain two individually sealed packets, that contain probably 20 or so of the sticks.  The packets themselves are really cleverly designed, with a little slit cut in the folded part, you just grab both sides and pull, and it opens up the package without any hassle - gotta love Japanese product design!  :)  Another nice design touch is that when you open it properly the grabbing-side of the stick is right at the top.<br /><br />Each of the packets has 210 calories (90 from fat), and about 80mg of sodium - so in terms of snacks this is a pretty good option.  It does contain milk, wheat, soybeans and sheanut - so if any of these are an issue for you, then you'll want to pass.  It also says on the packaging that the facility they're manufactured in also processes eggs and peanuts - the product doesn't use either of them, but the disclosure is nice if you're particularly sensitive to either.<br /><br />Overall a great snack at a great price - the 10 pack really is 20 of the packets, so that's quite a few snacks.  One note, if you live in a hot climate, don't order them in the summer because they will melt together (in shipping)!  Duh!  :)
First of all, I love the packaging making it heatproof but it wouldn't have been a problem because I ordered it it winter and they were freakishly cold. I also want to thank VeryAsia for the free sample of mi goreng...it was delicious!!! I now love mi goreng.
I bought these back in January and never got around to reviewing them. I had heard many people rave about a Japanese snack called Pocky so I figured I would try it out. Just like the description states, its a biscuit stick covered in chocolate. I wouldn't say the taste is mind boggling but its very easy to eat and virtually no mess, well, as long as the chocolate doesn't melt. Anyways, in case anyone is wondering, I ordered from a seller named Very asia (amazon.com/gp/help/seller/at-a-glance.html?ie=UTF8&isAmazonFulfilled=0&orderID=103-7071944-5595443&marketplaceSeller=1&seller=A3JW437I54SEI1). I believe it took around a 3 weeks to actually get to me (maybe it had to be imported) but when it did, it came well packed and not damaged whatsoever. I'm definitely considering re-stocking on this in the future if I can't find a local store<br /><br />EDIT: Oct 11, 2012<br /><br />*****Inquire the type of pocky from seller before finalizing purchase*****<br /><br />So I decided to restock after I couldn't fight the craving anymore. Unfortunately the batch this time was not so good (ordered from different seller because it was cheaper and through Amazon Prime). What I received was not the picture shown on the front page (2 per pack japanese pocky), it was a 1 per pack pocky~ish thing from Thailand. In my opinion, the 1 giant pack compared to 2 smaller packs is definitely a step back. Packaging was fine and I ordered in October when the weather was a bit cooler aka no melted chocolate arriving at the front door. The sticks were coated in some type of thick chocolate that was a bit bitter to the taste, more similar to dark chocolate than milk chocolate. The original Japanese pocky melted almost immediately in your mouth, this one melts slowly as it sits in your mouth.<br /><br />Personally I like the taste of dark chocolate but not when used here as a pocky flavor. I also have terrible self control so I buy things that come in small portions in order to a) not eat everything at once and b) avoid making the fridge a mess by cluttering it with tons of opened items. I can honestly say that I won't be overeating when it comes to this batch of pocky because I and my stomach dislike it so much. I won't change my original rating because that still holds true for the Japanese pocky but if I were to rate only the Thailand pocky it would be a 3. The taste isn't "terrible" but its definitely not to my liking. If possible I will be uploading some pictures of what I received.
Bought these for my daughter's Grad party as well as the Strawberry. She loves these things. They're a great product.
Everyone in our family except one really likes the taste of this.  It is addicting.  That includes our 3 year old.
Pocky is just plain fun to eat. I discovered these snacks at an anime convention (though I'd heard about them before and had seen manga characters eating them). They are very, very slim sticks of biscuity stuff (the flavor to me is a cross between waffle cones and pretzels) that have a charming tiny popping crispness. The chocolate flavor, a nice non-bitter, non-dark, generically pleasing choco-taste, seems to be the most popular (given how fast they sell out at cons), but I prefer the flavor of the strawberry which is like strawberry ice cream. Very nice.<br /><br />This is by no means a health food (it's in the same category as a cookie, it's got fat and sugar and non-healthful ingredients). But hey, it's junk food. We all know it's supposed to be OCCASIONAL and not habitual in the diet. Unless you're really prone to binge-eating or can't stop yourself a whole one of these smaller boxes is not a huge calorie splurge if you stick to a reasonable number. 10 of the chocolate pocky sticks will set you back 125 calories with 5 grams of fat, 3 of them saturated. I wouldn't recommend just scarfing down multiple boxes. In fact, just nibble these slowly and have fun with the cool texture effect.<br /><br />If you love the flavor of coconut-chocolate together (like Almond Joy) try the coconut chocolate ones. They're really so good, oh man. Hubby says the taste reminds him of the Girl Scout 'caramel delights" cookies which are, in turn, similar to the old Yes Yes cookies (from the seventies or so).<br /><br />Anyway, if you have read manga or seen anime with young folks eating those stick-looking treats, or seen footage of cute Japanese girls nibbling at skinny little stick treats, this is what they were eating. :) Fun treats.<br /><br />However, with this crazy hot summer, I'd recommend you look for a local retailer or wait until fall's cooler weather. You might get a sticky, clumped mess of Pocky sticks in this deep summer weather. (Look for local stores that specialize in Japanese anime or manga and they'll likely carry Japanese snacks like these. In South Florida, Tate's Comics has them in a variety of flavors..and FRESH and NOT MELTED).
Pocky is an incredibly good snack, but more than that, I was impressed with Very Asia's packaging. I had stupidly ordered something as easy to melt as chocolate in the dead heat of summer. On top of that the package of dessert pocky I ordered in 100 degree weather melted into this liquid goo. T_T So of course I was expecting all the pocky in my 10 boxes to be melted away, but they took the special care to put the pocky in a box reading "PROTECT FROM HEAT" and my pocky arriving in perfect condition! (Well, they did stick together just a bit). I love Very Asia more than anything now.
Everyone loves Pocky and if they say they don't they are lying lol. The Pocky arrived in good condition with minimal melting and very few broken pieces.
These where great couldnt stop eating them.<br />Lowest priced anywhere and will buy even more next time.<br />Cant say enough about these, they where shipped faster than what I paid to have shipped also.<br />Thank you so much.
I had bought Pocky when on vacation and enjoyed it but living where there are no Asian stores I have to shop on the internet. The guys in the family seem to like it better than the ladies for some reason. For a bit of insanity, search for Pocky commercials on youtube!
This was the first peanut free product I bought for my son.  I thought they were tasty.  The kids liked them too.  For some reason they think they are strawberry bars.  I love the soft texture and the non crumbly state.  It makes for clean car rides.  Since then they like the apple and chocolate bars the best.  Berry is always left for last.  Amazon has a wonderful price and I just wish it could be a subscribe item.
My son with multiple food allergies really enjoys these bars.  I find that they have a good berry taste.  They also have a nice chewyness.
i love them. not too sweet but just right. any allergy free food is great in my book. hope non of these ingredients contains Corn...thats a no no for me too. HOWEVER I DONT APPRECIATE THE FACT THAT I OPENED MY NEW BOX AND THE CUT 1/4 OF IT OFF. IF THE SIZE IT LESS THEN SO SHOULD THE CHARGE. THIS WILL EFFECT MY DECISION IN BUYING AGAIN. I AM NOT A TODDLER I NEED A REAL SIZE BAR PLEASE
With all the allergies in our family, these ended up working out great.  We don't have any negative reactions to the ingredients and though we don't buy many pre packaged foods, these work for 'on-the-go'. Our family tried several varieties and I prefer the Cocoa Loco Bars; they're almost like a Tootsie Roll to me-though I can't eat Tootsie Rolls, so this is a great substitute for that occasional craving.  My family prefers the Very Berry Bars because they can eat those when they miss breakfast, need a healthy snack, or my son will take them on his cross country running meets.  They are very dense and filling-not a 'soft bar' and we always eat them while having some liquid to drink at the same time.
I'm new to food allergies.  My 6mo son was diagnosed with some severe FA and since he's still breastfed, I had to drastically alter my diet.<br /><br />Before learning about this brand, I was stuck eating chicken breasts with potatoes for every meal.  So when I stumbled upon this at my local Whole Foods, I was very excited to try it.<br /><br />Overall, I really like them.  It's got pretty good texture, taste and heft.  It's not so dense that you want to gag after two bites but also not so light that you can eat the whole box (which really isn't that big).<br /><br />I know alot of people complain about the size/packaging and I agree somewhat.  But each bar is an ounce and 120 calories... on par with many other breakfast bars.  I like the Berry flavor the best, it's the closest to real, non FA specialty flavor. Overally, I'm grateful for these bars because now I can tote several in my diaper bag and car and know that when I really need a quick snack, I won't be left stranded.
My son has severe allergies.  This is an item he loves and is a convenience for me.  I feel good giving them to him and they taste great!
Tasty, convenient bars for people with celiac disease. They seem to have gotten smaller over time, but the taste and convenience outweigh the reduction in size (and the price).
If you are looking for a great gluten free snack you won't be sorry you chose this product. My favorite flavor is the apple and nut.
This brand of granola bars are really good.  The very berry are my favorite.  However, the bars are almost ridiculously small.  Yeah, we're gluten free, so our food is a lot more dense than other food, but honestly, can we not have normal sized, good tasting granola bars?  They really are tiny.  So, the taste is GREAT but the bar is small.
Great taste. Great ingredients. Great texture. Absolutely delicious! They are a little smaller and you may still be hungry if it is for a meal. I give one to my 5 year old son for breakfast and he is still a little hungry for more. Either that or they taste so good he wants more.
Recently diagnosed a gluten-intolerant, I have been looking for products that allow me to resume a semblance of my former life. These snack bars fit the bill. They have the mouth-feel of a traditional snack bar, and a pleasant tart-sweet fruit flavor.
My son Loves these "fruit bars" they are smaller than your typical wheat fruit bars.  My suggestion it to get your child to like these first before you try the chocolate ones... Now my son favors them (chocolate) ones MORE than the berry ones...
If you want a really good snack bar try these, they are healthy and taste as good as any granola bar, but without the gluten!! I buy these regularly.
My brother bought me a pound of this coffee for Christmas.  He told me that "weaver" was the original roaster for Pete's coffee, he eventually split off and started his own roaster.  Well let me tell you the stuff is delicious!  I've never been married to a brand of coffee, usually would buy the Starbucks 2.5 lb bag at Costco, or whatever looked good at Trader Joes, but Weavers is in a class of it's own.  I'm subscribing to guarantee I can have this stuff delivered to me regularly.  TRY IT!!
This is the best coffee we've ever had. A light taste but very full bodied. I was very pleased with the packaging, having it resealable keeps it stay fresher much longer and unlike other brands this construction stays intact. I must say you wont be displeased with your purchase, this is a must buy!
This is the best coffee we've ever had.  I run The American Pavilion in Cannes and Weaver's was by far and  away our most popular coffee sponsor!  Hundreds of people come to The Pavilion every day looking for American coffee and they were not disappointed.  We did a booming business this year!  Buy it!  You'll be so happy you did!  Julie
For those looking for a more exotic tea drinking experience and who like white Jasmine tea, Numi's Flower Jewel is worth a look. About the size of a gum-ball, these jewels slowly open in water to form a flower shape around the central amaranth flower. They are meant to be decorative so glass teapot is a must when preparing this tea.<br /><br />Decorative does not mean tasteless. As a white tea, the flavor is mild, but rich and soothing. The jasmine is wonderful but does not overpower the tea. I have had stronger jasmine teas, but this one is quite balanced and tasty. I used a small glass pot when preparing it and was able to get more than 7 yummy infusions out of the jewel before the flavor and scent began to fade. The white tea tips are plentiful and of a high quality and don't get bitter if seeped for long periods.<br /><br />I must deduct some points though for the high price to tea ratio and the fragility of the flower jewels. Pouring hot water directly on them can cause pieces to fall of and after the 3rd or 4th infusion more of the flower starts to fall apart, though to be fair the main flower shape remains fairly intact. Some even come out of the box starting to missing the central flower or bits of leaf. Better packaging might solve this.<br /><br />If you want a tea experience that looks as good as it tastes and smells, or are entertaining and want a conversation piece, then Numi Tea Flower Jewel should be on your short list.
Numi has a winner here with this tea! My husband, son and I often share this wonderful tea after dinner. It is very pleasant and the reason they love it, it does not turn bitter after longer steeping, like other teas do!
The product is all that it says it is which is why I gave it 5 stars.  However, I do have issues with the product, namely, me and my family members can't take the smell.  The taste is horrible so I put it in a lotion cream and rubbed it on my skin.  This was a few weeks ago and though I've since changed my sheets, the scent is still in my bed.  Ultimately, I stopped using it because it made me smell in a way I did not like.  It smells like an Indian spice and while it didn't work for me, scent-wise, it may work fine with someone else.
My twin 10-month old babies treat this one as dessert.  Their first Earth's Best jar they loved was straight sweet potatoes.  After water, sweet potatoes are the first ingredient in this one, followed by apricot puree.  That's dessert for them right there.  After that comes the chicken and then brown rice flour (not as good as brown rice though).<br /><br />This is a meal that babies around the age of mine are probably almost all going to love instantly.  Almost all babies love sweet potatoes for starters.  Add apricot puree and there's really not much one could do to discourage babies after that.  I recommend this flavor brand.<br /><br />Ingredients per label: Water, organic sweet potatoes, organic apricot puree, mechanically separated organic chicken, organic brown rice flour.<br /><br />The rice flour absorbed the water and gave it a real nice consistency, and the sweet potatoes gave it a nice color.<br /><br />Nutrition per label: 80 calories, 15% protein, 90% vitamin A, 2% vitamin C, 2% calcium and 6% iron.<br /><br />This one had the most vitamin A of all Earth's Best jars I've tried.  I've been informed that the percentage of daily needs met is based on an adult.
Baby loved this one, but as he has progressed I had to cut this one out because it is too runny and if I have to move the spoon quickly out of the way of his grabby hands, it is all over! I think they could use a little less water maybe a little more potato to make it more the consistency of the turkey dinner one.
My little girl can't get enough of this! I like that it is organic and contains fruit, veggies, protein and grains in one tasty meal. I wish it came in larger portions since my 10 month old always wants 2 jars.
Its my daughter's favorite first and foremost.  For me I love that i can get lentils, there aren't many stage 2 or 3 vegetarian choices.
I like the Earth's Best baby food line because of the organic ingredients. Amazon has great prices (especially if you subscribe) and free delivery to your doorstop, which is convenient when you're a busy mom. My daughter doesn't like a lot of baby foods, but will eat this one. As other reviewers have stated, it's a bit runnier that other EB's stage 2 foods, so I add some oatmeal to it. It's also a bit bland, so I add a dash of cinnamon after heating it up. As an added bonus, it works wonders for her digestive tract! She had problems with constipation for about 2.5 months, sometimes going up to 10 days before we had to give her a suppository, and then I discovered that this food makes her poop every time (I also started giving her a sippy cup of water with meals and during the day to help with the fiber). I rated it 4 instead of 5 stars because the main ingredients are sweet potatoes and apricots rather than sweet potatoes and chicken. I wish there were more chicken in this so there was more protein.
This is my son's favorite dinner! Best of all it seems it has the best combo of protein (21%) , vitamin A (100%) and C (30%). It is runnier than most of their dinners which was a great start for solids with protein in it. Love love love this brand and flavor. I think I purchased 50 jars so far.
I don't know how everyone else got these broken, but when I received them they came wrapped in plastic and in bubble wrap, not a single jar was broken.  My son loves them and the price was great and I had no issues at all.
I would love to say that I have the time to make my son's food everyday. Its not the case. Honestly, I do make it most of the time, but some days, you just don't have the time/energy to get it all done. Enter this product. Before I bought this baby food, I read the reviews and all these people were saying that it has fruit in it, its like a dessert, yadda yadda yadda. The truth is, is that yes, it has a bit of fruit in it, but its not sweet at all. The fruit merely brings out the flavors naturally so that you don't have to add anything else. Its a great product to enter proteins into baby's diet. The consistency is smooth enough that if you wanted to add cereal  to it also, baby will not choke on it. I highly recommend.
We love earth's best organic baby food, but this is not the tastiest one. I've tried it myself and think it is pretty gross. But my daughter still eats it, just not with as much enthusiasm as other flavors. It's got a decent amount of protein, which is important for us as a vegetarian family.
Soft smooth texture - my little one devours this one...it is one of the best meat/veg dinners we have found!
My daughter was not a big fan of baby food, especially any with proteins, but she did LOVE this one! The flavor is just right, not too sweet or too savory, and doesn't have a strong chicken flavor. Almost like plain sweet potatoes but not as sharp, thus it's a very good first protein to offer, and good for picky eaters. My nephews and my niece also liked this flavor, so it's a pretty safe bet to keep on hand if you don't know a particular baby's preferences.<br />Something I wish I had known was that it is quite a bit runnier than other Stage 2 Earth's Best, especially for having chicken. I added quite a bit of rice cereal to thicken it up after my daughter had gotten tired of the runny texture, and she liked that just fine, but it is an extra step. However the runnier texture makes it workable for younger babies or those with gagging/texture problems.
This is the only food my daughter will eat consistly. She really enjoys it. The packaging is great. Never had any broken (having ordered 4 times).
My son loves the rice and lentil jars.  It's not as liquid in consistency as the peas and brown rice jars.  I have it on order with subscribe and save + amazon mom and it always arrives nicely packaged.
I have twin girls, they both loved the Vegetable Turkey Dinner.  It was one of their favorite baby foods.  Great price.
My son really enjoys Earth's Best lentil!  He eats the entire jar for dinner and always wants more.  The product shipped very quickly.
I love the fact that there is turkey being offered. This is my son's 2nd favorite dish. No issues with it and a good balance of nutrients.
This is one of my son's favorite baby foods.  It does have a bit of sweetness, but not too sweet.  It's more runny than some of the other flavors, so we use a deeper spoon with this one, or add a little rice cereal to thicken it up.
For whatever reason, our son really likes this flavor. I'm not a fan myself, but I'm not the one eating it. Any time I can get a variety of vegetables into my baby in one sitting, I'm a happy mom.
The Rice and Lentil dinner is our son's absolute favorite. I don't know why but he gobbles this up every time. He enjoys most of the Earth's Best foods and we have only found a couple he doesn't eat (anything with too much apple) which is more a personal taste issue than the brand or particular combination. Some of the varieties tend to be too runny but this one has a great consistency right out of the jar.
My 7-1/2 month old absolutely loves this one...by far, it is her favorite jarred baby food. I like it because the lentils add a bit more protein than your average baby food, and I'm not ready to introduce her to meats yet.<br /><br />I do subscribe & save, which brings the price down to $0.80/jar. That's a fair price - not an amazing deal, but roughly equivalent to sale prices at the grocery store.  The bigger issue is that this particular blend is hard to find - I have to go to Whole Foods. My regular grocery store and Target carry Earth's Best, but not this blend. My daughter likes it so much, though, that I would still buy even if the price were a bit higher than store prices. It's a good one!
I always try the food before I feed it to my daughter and this one is actually pretty good. My daughter LOVES it. She gets all excited when I make it for her
From 6 month to 12 month, my son barely ate any solid food.  He was so picky.  We tried many different flavor from various brands and this was the only baby food that he'd actually finish the whole jar.  I didn't expect him to like this since it has very green vegetable scent to it, but I guessed it wrong.<br />Now he is 18 month old and he is a pretty healthy eater.  His current favorite seems to be tofu, but he still loves corn, zucchini, brown rice and carrot which are the ingredients of this.  I highly recommend to try this baby food.<br /><br />Also, Earth's Best makes not only the best baby foods but their toddler foods are fabulous as well.  My son doesn't really like any snacks from Gerber brand, but he likes most of the products from Earth's Best.  Their foods taste great(even for us adult) and so good for you too.
This tastes so good that apparently our cat thinks so too -- he's constantly poking his furry face around every time we pop open one of these. There is absolutely nothing bad to say about these. I know some people have complained about the poor packaging but I believe that must've been fixed b/c I've not had any problems at all -- in fact, they securely bubble wrap these, then place them in an air-cushioned box and it all arrives perfectly every time.
I have 12 month olds and no time to write a great review, but they like all the flavors, the textures are great, and the jars open easily. Great on the go snack.
My son started eating this when he was around 8 months old; he's now 14 months old and it's one of his favorites. Unfortunately, they don't carry it at the local grocery store (they carry other varieties of Earth's Best; just not this one or his other favorites, Spinach/Potatoes and Spaghetti with Cheese); they do carry it at some of the Whole Foods so I buy them there. I'm so glad to find them on Amazon! I get TIRED of ringing up a gazillion little jars at the store.<br /><br />We use this as a base and mix in other things - bits of cooked broccoli, small pieces of meat. I've also started adding spices to introduce him to new flavors.
My baby loves Rice and Lentil and is one of her favorite things to eat.  If we are going somewhere I won't be able to warm the food she will eat this one cold.
My daughter loved this stuff. It is all natural and made very well.  Good to mix with other things as they get older too!  Beats Gerber.
My daughter is outgrowing baby food but will still eat this.  We tried 3rd foods on her and she doesn't like the texture of them.  This is really good for her and she likes it, so we keep buying it.
My son loves the Best Earth's baby food and his favorite seems to be the Vegetable and Turkey. He smiles at every mouthful.<br /><br />I would recommend this product to anyone who is looking for healthy feeding the organic way. All the food I feed my son is through Earth's Best.
My six month old baby loves the Earth's Best 2nd Sweet Potato Chicken Dinner - it's his favorite. He seems to love all the Earth's Best 2nd foods - fruits, vegetables, and dinners. The consistency of the food makes it easy for him to eat - not too thick, not too thin.
The earths best he eats the most, this one is a little thicker than his original chicken/sweet potato favorite which is very runny.
I'd continue to buy but I'm moving over to more home made finger foods and away from glass jars...shattered too many. They like all the flavors though. Great textures too.
I didn't eat any but my baby liked it. She said it was savory but sweet and it reminded her of fine dining in Tuscany. Also I like that with the jarred foods is you know when you recycle it will never become waste. I just learned this and am telling everyone - only glass recycles forever. And if you don't recycle then you and I have nothing in common and you should stop reading here. It's not even a hard thing to do anymore. Nobody else in my building recycles and it drives me crazy. You just rinse it and put it in a different bin and still put it out on trash day. Stop being lazy.
Pretty good product.  The taste isn't the best but it's definitely not the worse either.  It gives a pretty smooth energetic kick.
I am a true Seattle coffee addict, and I have never had a better coffee candy.
Sent this basket to my father for his birthday.  He said the fruit was very fresh and sweet.  Happy with this healthy purchase!
This fruit gift really was the perfect gift! Everything was fresh, well packed and tasty looking! And the people that received it assured me that it was quite tasty tasting too. And tried the chocolate covered cherries ad was surprised at how delicious they were! So thank you! I needed something in a pinch and it came even earlier than expected!SO THANK YOU AGAIN! Dharana,San Francisco
I got it for my Girlfriend for her Birthday.  The Fruit actually tasted fresh and yummy!  I love dark chocolate, so I loved the dark chocolate almonds.  Next time I'll give the Organic version of this product... to someone close so they share with me  :)
As a child my facorite memory was drinking Sassafras tea made from fresh sassafras with my Granddad. I have never seen it in a tea bag before. I found that to get the taste I remember I needed 2 bags per cup. The bags are rather fragile but all in all it is a really great product that I will buy again and again. Plus the shipping time was great.
I grew up in Ohio and lived in the woods where sassafrass trees were plentiful. I would dig tender roots or "bark" a few trees for a delightful tea.  I purchased Breezy Morning Sassafrass tea and although was quite good it was very expensive for only 20 average size tea bags and shipping was as much as the product.  Not a good bargain.  I switched to Pappy's extract.
I ordered this on-line and received it in just a few days (3).  The tea is excellent and the price was right for  me.
I purchased this tea for my neighbor as a present, she has been looking for sassafras tea for a long time, I didn't realize it was so hard to find!  She absolutely loves it, made a great surprise christmas gift.
I heard some great things about Sassafras and wanted to try it.  I was worried about the taste but it turned out to be a lot better than i anticipated.  I'm actually gonna order the 4-pack and continue drinking it over time.  Don't trust the FDA!!
bought this for my dad. for about 2 years he would complain to be about how he hasn't had this tea since he was about 9. finally, after many nights of drinking my tea annoyed, i bought him the tea so he'd shut up.
Great tasting tea I have been looking for a good  Sassafras tea forever.Finally. I will be ordering this product again .<br />Thanks Kim:D
I love Panang Curry but would rather avoid the white rice that most restaurants serve with it.  So decided to try making my own, and with this product, I get exactly what I want, hot tasty Panang Curry adding lots of fresh veggies, tofu and brown rice.  And it's very hot, didn't have to add any spices at all.  Great product, will purchase again.
Best paste I have tried! So easy to use. Just saute you meat, add veggies, paste, and a tin of coconut milk. Quick and tasty! I am on weight watchers and tried using the light coconut milk instead of the full fat. It works for the panang paste especially if you add a heaping tablespoon of crunchy peanut butter.. but the yellow, green, and red are spicy and need the full fat coconut milk to balance it out.
This gravy mix is excellent ... except, don't use water where called for, use milk instead, and it makes it 100% better!!
I'm not from the south, but live in SoFla; where sometimes we get a southern influence. The gravy mix I am reviewing, PIONEER COUNTRY GRAVY is DE-LICIOUS!!! I've tried others Publix brand, Mc Cormick, ect, but this is the BEST! BY FAR! I chose to mix 1/2 water 1/2 milk, + 2 cooked, chopped sausage links, and it was phenomenal on my [...]. BISQUICK CHEESE GARLIC BISQUITS (Like Red Lobster's), served with a small side of watercress scrambled eggs. It's super easy to make and THICK! FINGER LICKIN! MMMmmmm. I heard you can put it on potatoes/veggies and chicken, make soups and add for seasoning. PIONEER BRAND as the name says is A HOMESTYLE, AMERICAN CLASSIC!
Nothing easier. Nothing better. Even beats grandmother's white gravy recipe. Already peppered for you. You do nothing but mix it with water. Takes only a minute or two. I highly recommend this gravy mix. It will not disappoint.
I have used Pioneer Gravy for a number of years.  It is VERY easy to make and tastes great, also.  Goes very well over mashed potatoes, meats, etc.  Try it!
Its great to be able to get sugar this way.Its not good to eat but if you are going to use sugar at least this is not processed to an unhealthy state on top of what sugar does to your body,and i am helping the  fair trade farmers.It is a good thing all around.I am happy i can get it in Amazon.
I am a coffee fanatic but have always stayed away from these because I never liked instant coffee and my assumption was that this would be similar.  I really enjoy the Starbucks VIA instant coffee - but I drink so much, it is rather expensive so I thought I would give this a try.  Both my wife and I were pleasantly surprised with the taste.  I don't think it equals fresh brewed but it is very acceptable.  I bought my first 38 pack at my local grocery store for about $7.  That seemed a little high but I figured I would check online to find the best price.  As I started calculating all of the online prices, they are charging about $7 bucks for the 19 count.  I would suggest that you check your local grocery stores as you might be able to find it cheaper.  So you don't have to do the math...$7 / 38 = .184 per single.  Online price $27 / 114 = .236 (shipping not calculated in).  Looking at a supposed discount coffee supplier, you can get a case of 12 boxes for $69, no sales tax and free shipping...sounds like a great deal??  12 x 19 = 228 singles so $69 / 228 = .302 per single - the most expensive at all.
I don't think these coffee bags are as good as fresh ground fresh brewed coffee, but they taste far better than instant coffee.  At work, we have a water cooler with hot water dispenser.  This brewed in hot water just like a tea bag making tea tastes far better than any instant coffee.  I highly recommend it to any coffee lover when you have access to very hot water but don't have access to a coffee maker.  Individual wrapped and sealed bags allow you to take one tiny tea like bag with you in your pocket or purse to your early morning meetings.
I keep Regular bags and Decaf bags in my home at all times.<br />Never have to drink old coffee.  Best way to make iced coffee.
I live in the dorms without a kitchen so making a cup of coffee was really easy with this. Especially when I need to stay up late to study or to wake up after 2 hours of sleep. Its just like making tea and tastes decent enough. Not starbucks but good enough with some sugar and cream.
My primary point with this review is to note that this packaging is less expensive than the other size offered by Folger. You get more coffee for less money.<br /><br />  I recently started drinking coffee again after a lapse of many years. Since I didn't know how many cups a day I would use, I wanted to avoid the fuss of a coffeemaker. I don't particularly like instant coffee. I was delighted to find these Folger's bags.<br /><br />  They brew a very nice tasting cup of coffee. I'm not any kind of coffee expert, so I don't know what special terms might be used. All I know is that if I let the bag seep for a bit more than a minute, it sure tastes good. Thanks to my very much better half, I've also learned that each of these bags will produce at least two good cups of coffee.<br /><br />  Very convenient, very easy, very tasty. I intend to take some of these with me when I travel as an alternative to the in-room coffee makers or (yeck!) vending machines.<br /><br />Jerry
We can't have any kind of coffee maker at work, so we're forced to buy at the in-house coffee shop or Starbuck's across the street. In this economy, no one wants to pay those high prices, so we started a coffee club. 20 of us buy these coffee bags and separate creamer and enjoy fresh, hot, tasty coffee every day without paying the coffee shop prices. thanks Folgers!!!
These are great for at work, just pop the instant bag in for a minute then make your coffee. This is the best tasting coffee. It's easy to make without a mess.
Fast, easy and definitely delicious.  Makes a great cup of coffee and very easy to make.  Good purchase.  Will continue to order from here.<br />Thanx...
I gave this tea a try to add variety to my tea habit. And I'm glad I did. It has a somewhat sweet and almost minty taste and a wonderful aroma. It has a nice reddish color. This tea probably has more of a taste factor than any of the wonderful japanese green matcha tea I've had, and I look forward to experiencing any of the purported health benefits of rooibos that I've read about.
I tried this before having normal red tea so I waited to review. The flavor still rings in my head it is earthier than rooibos tea and less frity. The color is that of muddy water, and it has the grittiness and viscosity of it as well. Well worth every penny.
I previously tried other matcha products and was generally satisfied with the quality but not the price.  I decided to give Pure Matcha green and rooibos a try because the price seemed to be very competitive.  The quality of Pure Matcha's products surpasses that of all others I have tried- stays fresh, has a consistent texture and tastes great.  Both the quality and price are better than others that I have purchased for the same quantity.  I highly recommend Pure Matcha and will continue to purchase.
This is the very best marinade you can buy as far as I am concerned---of course, everyone to his or her own tastes, but all in all, I think anyone will like it---I give it five stars...
This is a great product for those looking for an MSG and Gluten free product, and is also lower sodium than any other marinade or soy sauce out there! It doesn't compromise of taste either, I use it as a Soy Sauce substitute and have found it to have superior taste and it looks and acts just like any good marinade should. If you are Celiac or Gluten intolerant, or even just watching you salt intake, this product is a way to have your steak and marinade it too!
My poland spring driver gave us this new tea to try and<br />our family really enjoyed it. I looked at the ingredients and was quite pleased<br />with the natural ingredients and no calories.
This hot sauce is one of my favorites. Its a perfect balance of tasty and spicy. You can smell the flavors immediately when you open the bottle. A mix of garlic, habanero, and other spices. I put this on everything and tend to go through one bottle a week. I highly recommend this to anyone who likes hot sauce.
I was never much of a hot sauce fan until I tasted Black Market Hot Sauce. I was listning to the radio one morning and the creater/owner was giving an interview, It sounded interesting. The D.J.'s were sampling the sauce and raving about it, So I picked up a bottle at the local grocery, It's so good ! I keep a bottle in the kitchen and an extra bottle on hand for gifts and for taking to potlucks,barbecues and party's. Happy to see I can buy it online at Amazon.
This is my favorite hot sauce! I liketo use it to give anything some extra flavor. I have loved going out to some of my favorite resturants in town and seeing that they are offering this great product.I really enjoy putting on my my breakfast burritos!
They have this in a local diner that I eat in regularly.  I use it on all kinds of foods and I love it.  It's hot, but not without flavor.  I don't like those sauces that just burn but have no taste.  This has both burn and and awesome flavor.  I was surprised to find it on Amazon (just stumbled across it).  I would highly recommend it to anyone who likes a good hot sauce.
I was browsing around on Amazon looking for gifts and was very pleased to see my favorite sauce on here. I will just order and have shipped to my friends. Habanero is my favorite, I love the heat and the tangy spiciness. I also love the pineapple. You will not go wrong ordering this up.
This is my favorite hot sauce. I buy it locally and love the flavor that they all have. Hopefully the other flavors will show up on amazon for people to enjoy! My favorites are the medium and pineapple flavored ones so far. Thank you for making a flavorful hot sauce!
So far I have had the habanero and the medium sauces and they were amazing. My fiance and I use them nearly daily and I just picked up 3 more. It goes really well on all sorts of dishes to add the extra kick.<br /><br />The sauce itself lasts a lot longer than it appears. It is thick and a bottle will last us a couple of weeks of heavy use. We love to use it for breakfast on eggs or in burritos and for dinners or soups for added spice.
absolutely love the habenaro sauce...use it on eggs, sandwiches most anything for a good kick! have watched the progessing popularity of theis homegrown product...have nothing but the highes accolades for the chef and the product..get out there and try it!
BLACK MARKET HOT SAUCE IS WONDERFUL.... My husband Loves this Habenero sauce, its very very flavorful with a nice kick to it. I in fact love the medium sauce- the taste is so yummy with a bit of zing behind it. We used it for everything and you can use it with any meal.<br /><br />I like the fact that there are so many different levels of spicyness. We love the medium & habenero. Kind of like a "HIS & HERS package". Thank you for your hard work guys! Keep up the hard work.
Man what can i say, this salsa is the bomb!! i have all the different kinds. i have it with almost every meal. the owner is a cool dude, He's dropped off free bottles to me in my mailbox. i stole the first bottle out of a friends fridge after i tasted and been hooked since. dont sleep on this hot sauce!!
this sauce is so good with just about anything, i like adding it to asian food or anything with egg or noodles, it has a good burn with a strong flavor. im hoping to see some of the other flavors like the pineapple experiment on here soon. buy it you wont regret it
I never in my life tasted such a good babka its crazy good! This is the real babka! That my gram mother use to make
I am so convinced these are human animal crackers. They look and taste EXACTLY like human ones (yes, I tasted it) and they contain sugar, which is not one of the last ingredients in the nutrition facts either. So ill just give my dog very small amounts.
I have a whole box of peanut butter dog cookies and she wont touch them. She loves these and begs for them so it was a good buy. She is a little chihuhua and they are not too big for her mouth. About 20 per box.
My chihuahua loves these lil snacks. When she sees me bring out the yellow bus she literally runs in circles!
I purchased these little treats as stocking stuffers for our little furry friends.  Both Yorkies LOVED these treats.  We had to finally buy more since they liked them so much.
These are just like the animal crackers we eat.  The price is great and my little guy loves them!
I tried this and I found it too salty.<br />Plus I ate this fish sauce with some fish but I realized it was kind of redundant.<br /><br />I'm kidding, of course. This stuff is great!
I don't usually drink tea but I love this one. I thought the shipping price was a little high but love the tea so much that I had to get it. Perfect with a little bit of Honey.
Cavenders makes the best vinegar and oil dressing ever. couple of tbls of cavenders and 1/4 vinager and 1/4 h2O, rest oil. good!
It's balanced, it's tasty, it's filling, it's good for you -- what more could you ask of a breakfast cereal?<br /><br />I still miss Kellogg's sister product, Just Right, which was a somewhat lighter blend (I loved it, they discontinued it), but Mueslix is a strong second-best.
Don't know why I can't find these in my supermarket but I can't.  You get pack of 5 when you order.  Was afraid 5 boxes would last too long.  Instead found I need to order another 5-pack.
I bought this product online because, although it is a Kellogg cereal, I cannot find a retail store which carries it, and incidentally I would like to know why. I called Kellogg and they could really give me no good answer, and suggested I try another product of theirs, which i found not as good as this. I appreciate that Amazon offers this, and I will continue to order it.  By the way,  it really keeps me "regular", better than any other cereal.  Try it, you'll like it.
This cereal is difficult to find in the stores so I appreciate being able to purchase it through Amazon.  My husband really likes it and looks forward to the delivering of it every month.  Seems like an unlikely thing to look forward to, but it's the little things that count.  P. Looney
You could find this in local supermarkets about 4 months ago but now it nowhere to be found. Every time Kellogg's makes a great cereal, they quit making it soon after. This is the case with Just Right, THAT WAS THE BEST STUFF ON THE PLANET!
This has been my favorite cereal for probably 20 years.  The grocery stores stopped selling it, so I've started buying it on the web in packs of 5 boxes.  I use them up pretty fast.
I LOVE THIS CEREAL.  NOT ONLY DOES IT TASTE GOOD, IT'S GOOD FOR YOU.  IT'S A PITY THAT I CAN'T FIND THIS CEREAL IN ANY OF THE LOCAL SUPERMARKETS.  OTHER BRANDS DO NOT MATCH UP.
Have been enjoying Mueslix since early '90s.  Some reason, I can not locate mueslix in local supermarkets in New York, so I order through Amazon.  Taste is perfect not so sweet.  I do not care too much about raisins but in this cereal I do enjoy greatly.  It is enjoyable way to supplement fibers with whole grain, a perfect breakfast that lasts until lunch time!  Tried all different kind & choices of many cereals out there but there is nothing like Mueslix;
Amazon's price may be higher than some grocery stores, but it isn't in my store so this is a good way to shop.<br />I first tried this on a Princess cruise ship.  I found it is very good and filling.  It stays with me, which is very important.<br />I am super please to find this!
I almost can't stop eating this cereal...I eat it for breakfast and then in the evening, when I think I want something to eat and am really not hungry, I snack on these.  After all, it's healthy, so long as I remembeer it's not healthy to eat a cup or more.  Enjoy!
Our local stores all stopped carrying this product and were putting their own imitation brands on the shelf......just not the same!  Great that I could order and have my cereal within days!
Mueslix has been my favorite cereal since it came out years ago.  HOWEVER, they have (improved????) it by adding more raisins and nuts to the point of making it too rich!  I simply add about half of a grain cereal, such as cornflakes which also reduces the high price.  Stores keep discontinuing Mueslix to the point that it is hard to find!  Thank you Amazon!
This cereal is hard to find in local stores where I live. My wife and I love this cereal for its taste and healthfulness. Whenever I find it in some hotel breakfast buffets, I am a happy man. I cannot think of eating any other cereal.
Kellogg's Mueslix had replaced local muesli previously served in European B&B's on our last trip. Not available locally, but Amazon provided with a fair price, rapid delivery and no shipping cost with my Prime Shipping. Excellent form of Muesli!
Eating healthy never tasted so good. Tough to find in my local stores but Amazon has it at a great price especially through subscribe and save.
The Kelloggs Muselix are delicious and the delivery was quick.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001E6KBSK">Kellogg's Crispy Blend Mueslix Raisins, Dates & Almonds, 15.3-Ounce Unit (Pack of 5)</a>
This cereal is the best cereal on the market.  It has many flavors, including nuts, raisins, dates, and especially a light malt flavor.  I have enjoyed it most mornings for years.
I have been eating Kellogg's Mueslix for years. I love the mix of fruit, almonds, and whole grain. It used to be easy to find but when I couldn't find it in my local super markets, I was afraid it had been discontinued. When I found it on Amazon, I was pretty happy.
It was a sad moment when I was unable to find my favorite cereal in the grocery stores.  I'm not sure why it disappeared, but am so grateful I'm able to purchace this online.  Thanks!
its hard to find in the us my husband frm jamaica and he loves it he says it makes him fill full all day i get it every mo.
My Mom who is in now New York, in an assisted living facility love's this ceral.  She was buying Kellogg's Mueslix when she lived in Florida, but when I went to buy it for her in NY where she is, I had no luck. I called Kellogg's themselves and they directed me to Amazon.com. I was so please that they sold the ceral and I can have it shipped for free to her. I also save money on each box and I also do not have to pay for the shipping. So now you have two happy people, my mom who gets her favorite ceral shipped directly every few months(they send 5 boxes)and me for saving money and time shopping and shipping the package to my mom.
I have been struggling to find them in the shops nearby.<br />Much more convenient to order them through Amazon (slightly more expensive, but I save the gas and the burden).
The Kellogg Mueslix Cereal was ordered one evening and just a couple of days later it arrived. The item was well packed. Contents were fresh. Encountered no problems<br />and plan to use this resource again.
Local grocery stores don't carry this cereal so I order it. It is full of nuts, raisins, and other great stuff. I cut up a banana in it instead of adding sugar. My favorite box cereal.
Just got the baby back ribs and the strips of jerky out of the smoker, wow this seasoning really added a lot of flavor, what was surprising was the fact that I knew I had added to much seasoning but it didn't turn out over powering. I would recommend this to anyone who is cooking any kind of meat, the jerky is great, but the ribs are outstanding, and for 27$ including shipping for 12lbs, awesome deal.
I try every Asian salad dressing I can find.<br />This is my favorite one for salads because of it's delicate taste.<br />My other favorite is "Newman's Own, Low Fat Sesame Ginger".<br />The ginger in Newman's gives it a stronger flavor which is great<br />as a marinade or just sprinkle on rice and vege dishes.
Wow, this is soooo good and has easily become my favorite dressing! I typically make my own dressings, however I do use this one as a treat!<br /><br />It was given to me as a gift and I absolutely love it! It's a perfect balance of sweet and oily and bitter. Granted, it needs a good shaking since it's oil based! I absolutely love this and am sad I am running out! If you eat salads like me every day, then you will want this dressing! It's unique and I NEVER had somebody over who didn't love it! :)
This coffee company delivers on great coffee taste!!  I like my coffee with deep, robust taste and Jeremiah's always is!!  It makes me glad to purchase it!!  Thanks!!
This is a cute product to use in place of sprinkles - the bright colors of candy coating look great, and the chocolate center keeps them from being overly sweet.<br /><br />However this price is roughly double what you pay at Michael's (or Marshall's, when they stock stuff like this). Plus you can get the same product but in a 16 oz bag on Amazon here: http://www.amazon.com/CK-Products-Rainbow-Candy-Coated/dp/B00375LAO0/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=home-garden&qid=1300131716&sr=1-1. Comes with Prime shipping too!
I actually gave these to a local baker for my daughters cupcakes. They looked great. Showed up perfectly on white and chocolate icing. In great shape.
This is the first time I've used the coconut oil from Manila Coco Factory and I was so pleased with the taste, smell and overall incredible quality that I will buy more and recommend it to my family and friends.  I am so glad I tried it. I have been using coconut oil for several years and it has changed my life and health.  This oil ranks high in my book. Also, I liked ordering this product through amazon because they make it fast, easy and painless. Thank you for having this product on your site Amazon.
I ordered the White Christmas, Christmas Eve, and Christmas Morning blends last year for the holidays and fell in love with the Christmas eve.  It's the smoothest of the bunch and has such a wonderful flavor, I use it for iced teas all year round.  I can honestly say that I never got into tea that much until I tried STASH teas.  I sent the licorice and lemon flavors to my father, and he called me to ask where I'd gotten it, because his neighbor wanted to get some for his wife, too.  Once tried, you will be addicted. Visit the stashtea website for lots of tea related bits and baubles.  These make perfect hostess gifts over the holidays along with a plate of cookies.
This is my very favorite tea of all. I drink it year-round and never get tired of it like I do of others. It's good any time of the day. Not too strong, but still nicely flavorful, with a good balance of minty/spicy/herbal-y.
Christmas Eve tea (which does not actually contain tea) is not just for Christmas Eve. (Although if you are frazzled, it does releave the stress.) Christmas Eve is good any time. I do not know anyone who doesn't like it, and have often given it as gifts. It is especially nice in the winter when mint teas are a little too brisk and do not produce the same level of cozy comfort as Christmas Eve which is a soothing combination of spices and mint. It is almost as comforting as a cup of warm milk, but without the calories.
Riba foods based in Houston, Texas makes this awesome black bean dip. It is pretty much all natural and without the lard that regular refried bean dip has in it. I am not sure why in Dallas TX it's so hard to find - maybe because Riba has SO Many good flavors??? I make the traditional 7-layer dip with this instead of the refried beans, and am thinking about creating a breakfast quesadilla with this and some verde sauce. Try it, it's not too too spicy but is very good!
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001GCVLXG">Walkers Shortbread Highlander Shortbread Portion Pack, 1.4 Ounce Units (Pack of 24)</a><br />My family loves these! It's a great 'snack' to carry in the car or it's a wonderful surprise in a lunchbag. The flavor is so rich and pure...I forgot how wonderful these shortbread cookies were. And the price is nice, too...as well as Amazon.com. I love this place!
Walker's Highlanders are my favorite purchased cookie, so it was great to find them pre-packaged into 2 biscuits. Keeps them fresh longer and limits my snacking!
If you like Shortbread you will really like these. Walkers always makes the best Shortbread.<br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001GCVLXG">Walkers Shortbread Highlander Shortbread Portion Pack, 1.4 Ounce Units (Pack of 24)</a>
COULDN'T FIND THESE ANYWHERE BUT ON LINE - IT WAS WORTH THE WAIT BECAUSE THEY ARE TRULLY GREAT TASTING COOKIES.
Yes, these cubes are expensive; in fact, I almost gave them four stars for the expense.  Regardless, these sugar cubes are my favorite sugar product.  I've tried every brown sugar and cane sugar product you can find on Amazon and in your grocery store, and none of them compare to the rich, sweet, unique flavor of the brown sugar cubes by La Perruche.  Because I've tried so many brown sugar products, I believe the difference is the terroir, or the ground/land, where this sugar is grown.  La Perruche sugar cubes are made from African grown sugar; more specifically, sugar grown in Swaziland and/or the Congo.  Also, the cubes are denser than many sugar cubes.  I don't know from a scientific perspective how this is accomplished, but the cubes are not regularly sized, but are large and irregularly shaped, and heavier/sturdier than "cut" cubes by other producers.<br /><br />The flavor is a rich, distinct and more molasses-y flavor than other brown sugar cubes, and is somewhat darker as well.  I wish I could describe the flavor better, but it has been several months since I was able to find a somewhat affordable supply.  BTW, now that this product is being sold with free shipping via Amazon Prime, I just purchased several boxes - it is a much better deal as of the date of this review than it was a few months ago.  Recommended!
We love these sugar cubes in the office.  They aren't your grandmother's sugar cube.  They have a rugged appearance (can sugar cubes be considered rugged).  And we combine them with the white sugar cubes from La Perruche.
Love this for espressos...the raw sugar cube is not as sweet as the refined sugars and more rich in flavor.
Due to my husband's and son's inability to eat gluten, cornstarch is used very frequently in many gluten free recipes.  I am very concerned with the prolific use of GMOs in corn especially and my family's increased consumption of it.  I wanted to find an affordable GMO free cornstarch product to use in all my baking.  Rumford Natural Cornstarch is the one!  I've been using it for months now with great success & satisfaction.
If you love garlic, I recommend this flavored oil.  It is true to its name.  I was not expecting it to be so strong, so if I use it for cooking or dipping bread, I will mix it with some unflavored olive oil in the future.
These things are AWESOME. Perfect size, truly wafer thin, consistent thickness of dark chocolate over minty interior. They are like what would happen if you could run a steamroller over a junior mint. I first tried them when I was living in Germany 16 years ago, and to this day no other mint comes close. And the copycat ones? Disgusting. Go for the original. You won't regret it. Each mint is in its own sleeve, so you can pass them out without ever touching one. Elegant and delicious. Love them!
Love these mints.  They melt in your mouth and taste better than any others I have tried.  Just wish they weren't so expensive.  You can't eat just one, a couple.  They are addictively delicious.
I got it for my girlfriend. Very good stuff. Now everybody in the house eats them. Very hight quality if you are into chocolate and mint.
A friend's favorite candy is "After Eight", but they are not available anywhere in my area.  I couldn't find them on-line either.  Amazon.com came through.  These are imported from England and the most delicious peppermint.  These are so thin with a smooth mint cream center and a dark chocolate shell.  If you just want a little taste of mint, this is for you.  Really special with a cup of hot coffee!
Nature's Recipe is now a division of that mega company Del Monte Foods.<br /><br />The Test<br /><br />The neat thing about this food is that it really does look like the photograph on the bag. It consists of smallish kibble with pieces of dried carrots and peas mixed in. When the bag was first opened the girls ate small amounts of Farm Selects unmixed and readily took to it. Since then they've been eating it mixed with their Blue food.<br /><br />I thought Evie and Piper might fuss with the dried vegetables in there, but they don't specifically target the vegetables to leave behind.<br /><br />The quality of this food is obvious to one who reads the ingredient list. Only one ingredient, that animal digest, makes me cringe a little. The girls don't mind it a bit. For goodness alone I can heartily recommend this natural food, but the price on it is relatively high. Rachel Ray's dry dog food, for example, is about half the price of Farm Stands Selects, and Buffalo Blue is about the same price. For a household like ours with three dogs, the Farm Stands Selects is too pricey  to feed the girls exclusively. We'd feel obliged to mix another good, but less expensive food with it. For those with one pet and for whom money is not an issue, I say you can't go wrong with Farm Selects.
You will not find a better loose green tea for the price.  I was able to get free shipping as well since I bought it with something else that totaled over $25.  This is the tea used by many Japanese people.  Do not fall for those high-priced "organic" green teas produced by American companies.  They are good...but you are not getting anything better than Hime Ban Cha Tea.
This is the favorite green tea in our household.  Been using it for years.  Was happy to find it here on Amazon, otherwise we had to travel about forty miles to an oriental grocery store to purchase it.  Can't even buy any leaf tea of any kind in regular grocery stores any more.  By the way "Ban Cha" in Japan simply means common or everyday tea.  Not ceremonial.
I love this tea!! It is so flavorful yet there is no cut grass or off flavor as with some green teas. It is so mild that even left steeping it does not become bitter.It has a very mellow flavor that my kids enjoy too.It's great without sweeteners.<br /> It is a loose leaf tea and when steeped the leaves unfurl,long and slender. A little tea goes a long way. Enjoy!
I have been drinking this green tea for sometime and was purchasing it when I was going to Syracuse every summer.  This year I stopped going there and didn't know where I was going to buy my tea until I spotted it on Amazon and purchased it.  I was so pleased  that I could get it, so I am now a happy camper once again.
This is the real deal. Genmai Cha. Loose green tea and roasted brown rice. Not in bags. Originally known as the "Peoples Tea" for those who couldn't afford better. Very popular because of its mild flavor. You can drink it all day long (like I do). You won't be disappointed.
Gatorade G2 is the way to go when you want the benefits of Gatorade without quite so much sugar. As I am in a "pre-diabetes" state these days, I am drinking this type of Gatorade instead of the regular Gatorade which has noticeably more sugar in it. The really good thing is that this still replenishes carbs and electrolytes after I exercise without putting unnecessary extra sugar into my system.<br /><br />G2 comes in flavors including fruit punch and grape.<br /><br />If you're on the go, the advantage of these bottles of Gatorade is this: because the bottles are smaller you can carry them with you much easier than if you took the regular, larger size bottles of Gatorade G2.<br /><br />I highly recommend this drink if you need extra carbs or electrolytes after exercising; it replenishes them very well without the extra sugar found in regular Gatorade.
My partner is very happy with the tea, and is feeling much better since starting to drink it.<br />She has been drinking it both hot (normal) and iced (chilled) and likes the refreshing nature of it.
This tea won an award in the USA and I know why...."Mandarin Silk Loose Leaf Oolong Tea"  is like the name suggests "Silk" silk on your tongue.  A tea that has a warm, relaxing taste that makes you feel wonderful...Well done "Art of Tea"!
These are identical to "Jay's hot chips" (are they made by the same company?).  They have a slightly sweet taste, with a nice bit of heat. Definately not overwhelming heat, on a heat scale of 1-5, I would give these about a 2.  Regarding the texture, these are not kettle cooked chips, so they do not have much crunch, they are comparable to regular Lays chips.  For about $1 a bag, they are a great deal.
I first had these Uncle Ray's chips a few years ago while traveling out west. I tracked them down on Amazon and recognized the name. They are just as good as I remember: smoky sweet with just enough kick, and there's adequate seasoning on all of the chips. Each bag also has a little story, courtesy of Uncle Ray, that usually has some moral message or anecdote. They are pretty funny, but not intentionally. My only problem with these chips is their texture. They're a bit thin, and there's not much of a crunchy texture. Otherwise, these are good chips and well worth trying out.
I am from Michigan but have a vacation home in Canada. I have always been a fan of the primarily Canadian product "ketchup chips". Uncle Rays is a brand I've seen around there frequently. Since this is such a hard to find product I expected to pay big bucks to buy it online. Imagine my surprise when I found these chips on Amazon for a little over a dollar a bag- CHEAPER than the retail I would pay in Canada. Unbelievably delicious! Ps. The dill pickle chips are really good too :)
Mine came with stickers to sell them for $1.59 but they cost more like $1.25 so if for retail that is not much of a mark up. I bought these for myself so that doesn't really matter and they are cheap. Similar to Lay's but cheaper. Unlike other knockoffs these seemed to taste fresher and the convenient size minimizes stale chips. Great product. Great price.
I'm not a potato chip addict, but sometimes like them as a snack.<br /><br />I chose these because I'd never tried them before.<br /><br />They are delicious, zesty, slightly sweet and spicy.It's like a combination of sweet and tart at once. The oils in these chips are better for health. It is hard to put the bag down.<br /><br />They are made in Detroit Michigan and contain no trans fats, that's good enough for me. Try them.
These are some of my favorite chips on the planet! They are light, crisp, & not too greasy. The flavor is very Dilly. Love that! Great chips. Just hard to find.
These chips are really good. They taste better than other name brands. They're cheaper too!!  They aren't too salty like other brands. The flavors blend really well. Just the right amount of sour cream and onion flavor with a little salt mixed in. Once I start eating them, it's hard to stop!! LOL<br /><br />I will definitely be buying these potato chips rather than another name brand. Not sure if I can state the name brand or not. :)
Not as thick as kettle chips we have had in the past, definitely more like a potato chip and the college crowd loves it.  Interestingly enough they feel more 'gourmet' when eating these. The flavor is not heavily garlic while you can easily taste the cheese.
I thought they were very good chips, delicious!  and as soon as i run out, i'll be ordering more very soon.
These are hard to find, but worth the trouble.  Very tasty and very reasonably priced.  Love the product, and received very quickly.
I love uncle ray's potatoe chips. They have alot of spice on each chip.  They taste spicy with a tang of sweet. When I order a box, I pass them out to friends who love them. My husband, my kids and I eat a whole bag at a time.  I limit myself to ordering only twice ayear. The salt content makes me blow up, but I still love them.
I LOVE Old Dutch Ketchup chips but they are no where to be found in the US and pricey on eBay.  I tried Herr's but they were dull - very ketchupy but not the tangy-vinigary ketchup bite that Old Dutch has (makes your mouth hurt  in a good way if you eat too many!).  Uncle Rays are decent - more of a kick - many "loaded" chips which I like, still, not the addictive bite I love.  So - if you love Herr's these may be too much for you.  If you love Old Dutch give these a shot.  I am still on my quest for something equal to Old Dutch!!
I confess, I was originally looking at a different "name" brand, but they were out of the salt and vinegar, which is the only flavor I eat.  I had never even heard of Uncle Ray's, let alone tried them, but the price was reasonable and it helped me qualify for free super saver shipping.  I am happy to say I was very pleasantly surprised with these chips.  Somehow or another, even though they just seem to be in a normal box, when I opened that first bag I had a nice mix of big chips and little chips.  The salt and vinegar blend well, so much so that the flavors sometimes sneak up on you-- it sometimes seems that with the first crunch you taste salt and the second crunch gives the vinegar.  In any case, they're terrific.  I was a little reluctant about buying a somewhat large quantity of an unknown product, but I'm very glad I took the chance.
It's difficult to purchase "no-salt" potato chips at most retail stores, so I ordered a case of 3 ounce bags of Uncle Rays.  They are great.  Not oily and they taste great.  You get the potato flavor instead of just salt.  I'll be buying these from now on!
We can rarely find these potato chips where we live, so I decided to find them online to satisfy our cravings. We cannot be happier with the ordering from Amazon! The chips arrived fast and in a box that protected them from crushing. Excellent and will be ordering again!
I have now tried both the Ocean Fish and Tuna and the Duck and Chicken variety of this food.  My cat seems to prefer the taste of the duck and chicken a little better, but I will probably rotate them both because of the health benefits he's gotten (especially from the ocean fish and tuna) that have included a softer coat and less scratching and biting of himself and shedding.  Also, with this food, he doesn't drink much water, but still goes potty alot, so I feel good that he's getting plenty of fluids in his diet.  My only complaint with this brand, and why I only give it 4 stars, is that it has little pieces of potato? and whole peas in it, which my cat eats around and ends up being wasteful, which I don't like given the price.  Not that big of a deal, but it is a minor inconvenience that I have to clean leftover bits out after each feeding as opposed to just washing his empty bowl daily.  (In case you are wondering, it is approximately 4 to 6 whole pea/1.5 pea size potato? bits per 1/4 to 1/2 can.)
Who doesn't like vegetables that are portable and at a great price?  Can't beat the convenience at about 4 cents per package!
Everything AmeriColor that I have purchased works great! I was looking for some lighter tone colors, everything I had was pretty bright. These sheen colors are light with a pretty sheen, it's great! Thank you!
I love the metallic and sheen colors.  In a photo, the items airbrushed with the silver and gold look real.  The sheen really kicks the color up a notch.
ordered these for my daughters wedding cake overnight so that i would get them the next day<br />they came four days after wedding<br />but they are nice
As soon as I opened the teabag envelope, the smell was truly Divine Nasal Candy :-).  As good as the bag and the lingering scent on the envelope smelled, the tea proved to be rather bitter.  I may have steeped it too long, so will see if the bitterness abates steeping less.  However, as I prefer milk or cream products in flower teas, the bitterness was soon dispelled with a little soy creamer and an enjoyable cup was had.  Lychee is truly a wonderful flavor for tea.  I suspect the flowers added to this lychee tea may contribute to the bitterness in the straight tea.  Will definitely reorder.
If you're looking at Choice tea, you're probably already aware that this extraordinary company was a pioneer in the use of organic, fair trade ingredients for tea.<br /><br />But Choice is also innovative both in design and in creative ingredient combinations. As for design, Lychee White is part of Choice's new line, characterized by an innovative biodegradable pyramid-shaped tea bag which allows for the use of regular loose tea leaves. As for creative ingredient combinations, this healthy white tea is enhanced by the ethereal marriage of natural lychee flavor and sublime organic osmanthus blossoms. The flavor and scent is one to savor and celebrate.
Sent very prompty, tea is delicious, will continue to use this company with great enthusiasm.
I loved this tea! It is refreshing and delicious with or without sweetener. A great buy! I would definitely recommend this product!
3 boxes, under $6 each for all cherry - great buy.  I couldn't find all cherry in the store and don't really care for the other flavors.
Almost 150 Charms Blow Pops for less the 10 cents each.  These are great for bribing my children and a trip down memory lane.
this salsa is definitely one for the books!! A perfect blend of the jolokia pepper and seasonings that made this the perfect dip for half-time.. Grown men crying because it's soooo hot is a small price to pay for this awesomeness in a jar... perfect for my cream cheese dip too! A+ across the board.
This salsa was delicious. It was very spicy as I'm sure you've guessed, but was also pretty dang tasty. It was a bit sweeter than I prefer my salsa and given the price I don't think it is something I would eat with any frequency but definately worth the novelty and if sweet and spicy salsas are your thing, you just might end up loving it!
Nice combination of ingredients so that it is VERY hot, yet still has great flavor. It has a little added sugar, which adds a nice bit of sweetness to the mix. For the hotter salsas, you really can't go wrong with this. This is one of my top four favorites, which include Mrs. Renfros hot salsa, Screaming Sphincter and Pain is Good #37.
I am very acustom to spicy foods and this has a very rich flavor. Half the bottle was devoted to given people my "not so hot salsa " reactions amazing . Worth the money! as for me eating it the title says it all
My cats (7 of them) love this food so I was glad to see Amazon is carrying it again. The local stores do not carry a 15 lb bag, only the 3.5lbs and 12 lbs. This food is sealed very well, and is fresh. I have tried expensive brands and really cheapo brands of cat food, and so far 9 lives agrees very well with my cats. This food does not "rifle" through them or cause overly offensive litter pan odors (like cheapo cat food) and their digestive and urinary tracts are all healthy. My cats ages range from 3 years to 18 years old, and believe me, this 9 Lives brand and flavor are something they all like. The price is a really good deal especially for prime as the shipping is free.<br /><br />I also buy the Iams in the orange bag for my cats for a variety and putting some of that in a bowl dry as well as wetted down with water in another bowl is something they really love. Again, no intestinal issues or litter pan issues as they have been eating this combination for several years now.<br /><br />If you do try this, or switch your cat(s) over, be patient as it may take a week or so for your cats digestive system to adjust. In the end, I think you will be very pleased with the quality and price.<br /><br />Also, we used to take in foster cats, and fed them this 9 Lives brand, and they all did very well.
my cats favorite cat food he is very pickey and will not eat a lot of different cat foods but he loves this one
I used to buy this at Target but it's cheaper at Amazon.<br /><br />My cat goes crazy when I get out the bag so I know she loves it. Cheap to boot, also!<br /><br />I don't really stress out about which exact ingredients are in cat or dog food. I figure it's all pretty decent so why not save a little money...
There are 4 kittens that started hanging outside the house and I started feeding them.  Rather than buying the smaller bags, this is a great value for multiple cats.  The kittens love the food and always look forward to eating it.  Shipped right to your door.  Can't go wrong with that!
I purchase 2 15 pound bags of 9 Lives Daily Essentials a month for my daughter's cats. They love it. She says they often gather around the carton and wait for her to open it. They know what's in there and can't wait for it to be opened. If the cats love it, we love it. Isn't that how it goes?
My cats love this food. For the money it is a great product. I get it every month.  The cats love the flavor.
I have 6 feral cats that I trapped, neutered/spayed and released.  They still hang around our property so of course we feed them.  They really like 9 lives and I believe it is good for them.  Being old and my husband handicapped, it is so easy for us to have it delivered right to our door step instead of wrestling with the bags at the store and unloading when we get home.  I am very satisfied with the product and Amazon.  The subscribe and save option is even better as I don't have to remember to order it.
My two cats love this cat food more than the kirkland signature brand.  It's also very cheap and affordable cat food at walmart. I would recommend this cat food over meow mix or friskies any day.  Get 9lives dry cat food.  It's one of the better brands out there.
One of my kitties is a complete snob when it comes to food and she loves this. Great product to buy.
i love these pop.  these are rather small pops about 1/2 the size of a tootsie pop.  they come in many flavors.  i think this bag is great in the long run.  300 just think Halloween.
dum dum lolly pops are the best! they come i lots of kinds and tast really good!
This stuff is great if you're looking for a non-alcoholic vanilla extract...yes this is really a vanilla extract not just a flavor like the essence stuff. I read somewhere on the net that the only reason they can't call it an extract is because it wasn't extracted by alcohol so legally they have to call it a flavor.<br />The smell and color are gorgeous plus its fair trade certified, the texture is a little bit like honey, I think it's the glycerin.<br /><br />Going to buy again for sure.
Not paying attention, I thought this product was simply vanilla extract when I purchased it, tried it in my coffee, and got a shock. Yummy!  I had to go examine the bottle, and realized my yummy mistake.  I wonder what glycerin is, what it's made of...? is it a fat?<br />At any rate, it is delicious!
I prefer the taste of this over the alcohol-based vanilla extracts, particularly in uncooked items and beverages. It has a fairly thick/syrupy consistency.
Raw, Organic, Fair Trade, Tastes Great... What's not to love? My hope is that as more people buy their amazing chocolates that the price will come down a bit.
Excellent in cereal, or on top icecream sundae. I use them in my ramen noodle hot/sour soup as well.  very very GOOD.  almost a lite peanut flavor.  not too much salt, very lightly seasoned. a must try for anyone wanting a low calorie addition of protien into diet.  even the dog loves them. thinks they are some special treat.
Bought this for my mom for her birthday, she was dying to open it so we could all try it. It was nice and fresh and everything tasted great! Wish I had bought one for myself!
These dates were absolutely delicious. I was a little bit worried because the one product review that it had was only one star. But as I looked at all the other date reviews, the trend seemed to be bad reviews in the Fall timeframe. I had these delivered mid-January and must say they were quite exquisite. Many thanks for a great treat at a large dinner party.
Expensive, but worth it, and Ive tried every Iced tea out there. Lipton is pretty good too, but this is the best!! Tetleys sux, and many other Iced teas like Bigelow are terrible, but this is great! Like the coffee shop
I have nine cats and they are crazy about these kibbles! The last thing you want is 20lbs of cat food the cats hate, but I'll be buying them more of this...
I have used your product for years and find myself in a town where they are sold only in very small bottles.  I am used to buying your product by the half gallon and would like to make my purchases online.  I have tried using other products which pale in comparison to your Original Barbecue Sauce.
If you like soft licorice, these cats aren't for you.<br /><br />A perfect anise-y balance of salty and sweet, these little licorice kitties are perfect! You pop one (or several) in your mouth and let them melt a bit before you embark on your flavorful chewy journey.<br />Hard exterior. Lasts forever if you suck on them. Everlasting licorice Katjes!!<br /><br />Very fresh. Super fast shopping too. Thank you guys!
Very firm small pieces with an intense licorice flavor. I love black licorice and have been trying different gluten free options. I will be ordering more of this one.
These tomatoes taste like home canned. When summer is over and heirloom tomatoes no longer are available at the farmers market, these serve as an excellent reminder of the past season and a promise of the next. I originally bought these organic tomatoes for my stepfather, whose heart disease dictated a low sodium diet. And they are incredibly low in sodium. But I soon bought them for myself after I tried them just once. When the local organic grocery store and then Sprouts stopped carrying them, I turned to Amazon for a case. They are as much a staple in my pantry as olive oil.
the ingredients are simple and pure and one of the few brands that does not add unnecessary additives.  Generally I like to make my own sauce from scratch, but this is my second choice if I am short on time.  Its taste good and not artificially sweet.  I love the bionaturae products including the tomato paste.
These are the best canned tomatoes I have tasted. They have a fresh flavor, similar to home-canned. This is my second time buying a set. They are a little more acidic/bright, and have a rounder flavor than other tomatoes. Comes with a basil leaf in each can. Note, the 28 oz tins are a better value than the 14 oz ones.
These arent diced, its just mush, But I like the no bpa and would buy again for that reason- but dont expect diced.
Well one of my friends asked for a really big bag of gummy bears, she was very pleased when she opened the box. Than her co-worker really like these gummy bears to.
I have been eating these since about 5 years old and are my favorite chips in the world! just dont eat too many of them!
I love these chips and couldn't contain my happiness when I recieved my box!! Love them, if you love spicy foods...get these!!
I used these and a bunch of other colored lollipops for a friend's birthday and she got a kick out of it.  She had been complaining about feeling old so we threw a kid themed party.  She had a great time.  I don't think it's possible to eat one of these spiral lollipops without feeling like a kid!
I used these lollipops for a candy princess costume for my daughter. They came in perfect condition and exactly like the picture shows. They do come in a group of 16...such a great value! I was extremely satisfied!
I had purchased these to go along with a Candyland costume for Halloween.  They shipped quickly and were packaged securely with bubble wrap.  None of the lollipops were broken in transit.<br /><br />It turns out the costume I ordered (from another seller) didn't fit at all and was made of very cheap material so I couldn't even alter it to fit.  Since I had to return the costume, I requested to return these as well.  I was immediately fully refunded without even being asked to ship the lollipops back, so the five stars are so the amazing service.<br /><br />Now I think we'll hand out the lollipops with the rest of our Halloween candy, which I think the kids in our neighborhood will love!
I bought these lollipops for my daughter's 3rd Birthday. They are super cute and the kids loved them. Definitely met my expectations.
I got these for my sons 3rd birthday. I got it because I am doing a candy station for his birthday & I wanted to put colorful lollipops as part of the candy station. So this is just perfect for my idea.
Being the candy-lover that I am, I wanted to buy some cute lollipops that I could pull out of my bag and enjoy whenever I felt like it. For that purpose alone, I'd give them five stars. However- at first lick, the lollipop has a slightly off taste; but this goes away after a minute and is not unbearable or disgusting in any way. I laughed quite a bit at the reviews of outraged individuals because the lollipops are 'Made in China'- I'm not dead/dying/sick. Good enough? As well, the text on the wrapper is fine- I wasn't repulsed by it and I'm not afraid to share. I'd only rewrap them if they were for presentation rather than eating.<br />The colors are not as vivid as in the picture, and the lolipops are not glazed- so they do not have that shiny look that many others have. None of mine came broken, and they were well-wrapped. I'm happy with my purchase and plan on eating them all(minus the few that I share with friends), but I'd try something different next time.
I used this for my daughters candy land birthday party and the kids loved them! They aren't full size, but they are still sooooo cute!!!
Bought these for a birthday and they were perfect--all arrived uncracked and wrapped really well. Super cute and perfect for 4 year olds.
I ordered the lollipops for party favors at my son's 1st birthday party.  The lollipops are 2 inches and I used 1.5 inch "thank you" stickers on them.  So cute!  The description states that 16 lollipops are included in the order.  I ordered 2 boxes and only received 12 lollipops in each box.  I contacted the seller's customer service.  I received a response and apology right away.  They promptly corrected the order.  I was pleasantly surprised to receive another full box of 12 and not just the 8 I expected.  The lollipops are wrapped in bubble wrap.  Out of three boxes only one lollipop was cracked.  Not a big deal to me since I did receive an extra box.  Great lollipop at a great price.
comical that this is considered a 'toy'.  I bought these as a decoration for a circus themed baby shower and they arrived in perfect condition. I used them in vases surrounded by colored crinkle cut paper and used as centerpieces on the buffet table.  Lots of compliments.  I have kept them and plan to use again for future parties.  these will  not be consumed so no idea how they taste...
Got these as part of a party favor for a rainbow birthday party, so I haven't actually tasted them. The lollipops are cute . . . the wrappers have writing on them, which I wish they didn't (would have been much cuter without the writing). They are a bit smaller than I expected (just slightly larger than a regular lollipop), and a few arrived broken, but really, they were well packaged, and looked cute for the party.
These arrived securely packaged, not even a chip on one lollipop.  They also tasted really good and looked very pretty at my sister's baby shower.  I would buy these again for myself and suggest to future buyers!
Anyone who has been on a low carb eating program for any period of time will tell you that it gets boring.  We are new to the Dixie Carb Counters line, but I was very pleasantly surprised by the excellent taste.  Some of the other low carb lines (like Atkins) have a terrible aftertaste, or require the user to have a great imagination. (Yes....this is really supposed to be a chocolate bar.)  But the Dixie Carb items are great.  Easy to make, nice portion size, great taste, and no imagination required.  It really is a muffin!  And...no sugar alcohol!  My only issue is that they are a little pricey.  Otherwise perfect!
I'm going to guess that 'Yuck' didn't mix it up right, because, frankly, these taste surprisingly good considering they're supposed to be lo-carb. They're easy to make, and the non-diabetic in the house thinks they're just as tasty as I do. I do agree that the price is pretty outrageous, though.
I love Salsa and have tried many on the market. I served Dippin Fiesta at a recent Sunday football get together and got rave reviews. Maybe the best Salsa I have ever tasted and served. If you want to taste the best, try this one.
I spent the first five years of my life in Brazil and my American parents both spoke Portuguese fluently and introduced me to Brazilian food and culture. This is one of my favorite foods ever, and the lingering memory I have of Brazil. Fluffy, moist and made out of Tapioca flour, these little rolls are nothing like American cheese bread-- seriously they aren't! Its hard to describe the taste of one these hot out of the oven, and they're just as fabulous cold.<br /><br />Yoki is the best maker of the dry mix, and you just add eggs and oil and pop them in the oven for an easy, delicious treat or side dish. They never turn out wrong.
I made these recently for a holiday party.  I have never seen anything go so fast!<br /><br />They were very easy to make-- just add a few ingredients, mix, and throw them in the oven.  I will definitely be buying and making these again.
These are not as good at Houston's Samba Grill but they tasted great. The texture is different but in lieu of having these on a daily basis, I have found something that I can make. I would surely recommend these to anyonr.
Since being gluten free I've tried all types of GF breads and they are all very expensive. Who knew that the brazilians had the bread game on lock with this inexpensive tapioca version of cheese bread! It's custom which is probably why they are all so skinny! lol But I loved it and will be ordering a whole lot more!
My item got to my house on time and I was surprised on how well my package was packed. I recommend this store to anyone;)
Despite what some think there is a ton of fillers in here (see the ingredient list on the Omaha site), but.... that is not a bad thing in this case. They are not unhealthy fillers and these are very delicious. Our kids just love them. We serve one ball as a serving as that is the perfect healthy carb portion for a meal. 1 piece has the following nutrition just in case you are wondering:<br /><br />Calories: 120<br /><br />Fat: 4.5<br /><br />Trans Fat: 0<br /><br />Sodium: 270<br /><br />Carbohydrate: 17<br /><br />Protein: 3<br /><br />For our dinners we try to keep our carb side to under 5 fat & 25 carb. This fits perfectly & the taste is superb. Baked in the oven, they come out crispy on the outside and moist and tender on the inside. All with no grease. We now keep these on hand instead of french fries. I know they cost more, but they taste better and they are so much healthier. We wait for one of the sales and buy several boxes at a time.
Perfect year round with just about any meat dish, these Omaha Steaks Twice Baked Potatoes are a gourmet delight. The consistency of the whipped potatoes is smooth and the little bits of bacon, peppers and cheese add to the explosion of flavor.  They cook easily in either the conventional oven, or on the grill when wrapped in foil!  Go ahead, treat yourself!
These are actually very tasty.  Pure potatoes with a great texture and no nasty filler "stuff."  No bacon, no cheese...just tasty potatoes.  They cook well in either the oven or microwave.  I add a touch of either salt & pepper or fajita seasoning to spice it up.  I rated 4 out of 5 stars because they could be a bit bigger portion.  However, this item is a fairly good value for the money.
They are more potato crockets in the shape of a ball rather than Au Gratin, but nevertheless YUM YUM YUM!
I love to order these type of cooked potatoes and they are so great with a steak...
I really like this product.  It tasted great and only took a few minutes to make in the microwave.
Very good side dish, easy to make, easy to eat.  As others have said, needs a little spice, but other than that they are delicious!
excellent - will order again!!  It's nice to be able to order Omaha items from Amazon because Amazon ships SOOO fast, and payments are so convenient.
I was surprised at the size of these potatoes. I have bought them at my local grocery store before and was disappointed that they were so small. These are perfect!! Tasty, cook just right. Love 'em!!
Excellent and tasty though I thought not enough garlic so I added more. When I order GARLIC I guess I expect more of it.  But perfect if you have guests as it will never offend anyone. Omaha always is sure to do everything to please their customers, a premier company, hard to find anymore.
We had these along with Omaha prime rib. Both were great. Two where plenty to fill up. Made them in toaster oven in less then 20 minutes.
I received 4 of these in my first ever Omaha Steaks order that I received today. I wasn't sure what to expect, but so far, I've been pleased. I tore the plastic open, put the frozen potato on a baking sheet in the oven and put it on 350. 45 minutes later it was done and turned out being delicious. The cheese filling was crispy on-top and the potato itself underneath was nice and soft. No way would they come out as good if put in the microwave, so I'd say oven cooking these is definitely the way to go. Now, you can obviously make your own stuffed baked potatoes for far cheaper then what Omaha charges for these alone, but as long as you get a good deal on the Omaha website, these simply make a great addition to any Omaha steaks order. As delicious are they are though, I wouldn't order a box of JUST these off the site due to the added shipping costs. But like I said, as long as they're part of a nicely priced packaged deal, I'll definitely take them. Actually, I probably wouldn't order any packaged deal in the future from Omaha that didn't include these. A big plus, at least for me, is if you check the ingredients list on these, there's no partially hydrogenated oils, so there's no traces of trans fats, which is very rare with stuffed baked potatoes. Also no high fructose corn syrup, which is another rarity on a food product like this and is always a plus. If you make your own or buy them frozen from your grocery store for example, chances are, the butter used, sour cream, etc. will be full of chemicals, trans fats & high fructose corn syrup. These, not so much. So there is a definite degree of quality with Omahas stuffed baked potatoes. Each potato does have 8 grams of saturated fat, which is 42% the DRV, but that's obviously to be expected with anything that contains bacon, cheese and sour cream. I was also expecting there to be no fiber, but it turns out there's 3grams of fiber per baked potato half. Another plus. Overall, the stuffed baked potato was very tasty and actually relatively healthy, being made with quality ingredients.
These potatoes are really very good.  My husband and I both *love* them.  And way too easy.  We will be buying more of these.
I got these in the mail today, i know right, sounds so weird to say i got hash browns in the mail, haha.  Come in dry ice cooler and were in box all in their own lil plastic bags.  Just stick them on a baking sheet for 35 min. at 400 degrees.  when you get them out of the oven you smell the cheese and it has nice crunchy outside with creamy potato inside, if you want the best side dish to your steak or other meat, hey could even use for breakfast with some eggs and sausage, your choice, this get a 5/5 for taste, 5/5 for presentation, buy these now, great price too, thanks for your time, and thank you omaha steaks, the best at great prices.
January 3, 2011<br /><br />I purchased these potatoes from Omaha Steaks online last week. I was not sure what to expect ... The au gratin potatoes I had seen and tasted before were sliced potatoes with globbs of gooey cheese sauce, and by the looks of them, this certainly wasn't it ... I opened the box and got out my skillet. The first thing that I noticed is that these things were huge ... like a gigantic tater tot. I browned them on both sides about 10 minutes each. To my surprise, they were very tasty. Texture was light fluffy and the potatoes tasted extra fresh .. not frozen or freezer burned. I liked them alot. I think these are perfect for kids ... none of the flavors were overpowering and great texture ... I give these 4 stars.
So so good!  Delicious, easy to prepare food!  I would definitely order again.  Had a gourmet taste, and took only minutes to get ready.  Yum!!!
I like em but nothing unique about the flavor.  basically saves you from having to make them at home... a little pricey but for a treat what the heck
They taste pretty good. I eat one of these with some of the poultry selections from Omaha Steaks. It makes a great meal.
These potatoes are pretty good. They can be eaten alone or served with a meal. Really like potatoes and this is an easy choice.
I prepare these baked potatoes in a toaster oven. They are the perfect compliment to a hamburger, steak or chicken entree. Try them. You'll like them!
Very good transaction and Omaha food was sent properly.  I already left one feedback.
These potatoes are very good along with all their steaks and hamburgers.  I would definately recommend Omaha Steaks to anyone looking for a gourmet dinner at a reasonable price!
I'm a big fan of Outburst Energy Bites, and the peanut ones are probably my favorite. They're reasonably priced and a great snack. Think of peanut M&M's and a coffee all at once. Since they taste so good, it is very tempting to eat the whole box. They claim it's a lot of caffeine, but it doesn't feel like more than a big coffee or a large energy drink, so I usually give in to the temptation!<br /><br />I highly recommend these!
ENERGY BITES F'ING RIP YOUR FACE OFF WITH MOLTEN LAVA ENERGY.<br /><br />INFINITY ENERGY TO THE F'ING MAX.  I ATE A WHOLE BOX ONCE AND THREW A CAR AT A BABY.<br /><br />F'ING RAVE.<br /><br />SERIOUSLY THESE ARE GREAT.
I originally found this Roasted Garlic Juice at one of those roadside shops that sell a variety of foodstuffs, plants and ice cream. That was about a year ago and unfortunately, the place is now out of business. I was getting low on it and was glad to find it here on Amazon, as I couldn't find anything even close at any grocery store in a 50-mile radius. Store Managers were saying they never heard of pure garlic juice. I told them if they carried it, they would sell a lot.<br /><br />I have used this product for many dishes and marinades and the flavor can't be beat! It is pungent yet smooth and will bring out the flavor in any meat or dish you can imagine. I prefer the Roasted over the Cold Pressed, but both are great in their own way. It's nice to be able to pour or spray.<br /><br />Bottom line: If you are a garlic lover, buy this!!!!!
It's a great product- especially if you like garlic! No need for "slicing & dicing! (Which is a good thing when your right side is "stroke paralized"!) Just garlic too- not an "oily & salty product" Just plain or roasted GARLIC ! And it lasts a long time too!
I love my garlic spray so much, that i ordered more! I grow garlic, but I don't even bother juicing them anymore, not with this product. There are 150 cloves in every bottle. Thats a lot of yummy garlic...
I love the taste of real garlic - not the granulated or brined stuff. These are great flavoring agents, especially for popcorn as a liquid in glazes and rubs. Love the choice between roasted and raw, and a little goes a long way. I first bought this product 2 years ago. Despite using one or the other at least once a week, I am only now needing to replace them.<br />Yum!
I had heard about their prickly pear tea in a forum and decided to try it since I hadn't had any since I was in Arizona.  It was better than I remembered!  I tried it first hot and then used the remainder for ice tea and both were really good.  The company delivered super fast too which was great.  I recommend this tea highly, particularly if you like prickly pear teas.
Butternut Mountain Maple Syrup is the real deal. The grade B is wonderful on pancakes, or in coffee- just about on anything you'd like sweetened.<br />Delivery was timely and the product came as expected. I recommend this!
I just received my shipment and could hardly wait to try this product. We love &quot;slickers&quot; which is what we call them, instead of stickers because they can be removed so easily. My daughter designed signs to be  printed in reverse to use on her car windows. They printed beautifully (we  have 'The Print Shop' program). I am going to have a lot of fun with this  product because there are windows everywhere and other surfaces like tv  screens and computer monitors.
This was a really good idea and the final product is outstanding. I use the decals on my car window and everybody asks where i bought the decals i made.  Two thumbs up!
After years of drinking Red Bull, Rockstar, Monster and some others, I have found the holy grail of energy drinks. It kicks in within 2-3 minutes and it lasts an entire work day. After seven hours or so, you gradually come down. There is no anxiety or disphoria when it wears off. You just get very sleepy when you finally rest.<br /><br />Redline Power Rush is the very best product on the market. If it were illegal I would buy it on the black market. 'Nuff said.
The normal 15oz can is too much SPAM for one person.  The 7oz version is perfect for me to make two sandwiches.  I cut the block in half.  Each half I cut into 4 slices.  The 4 slices are perfect to lay on top of a toast.  With some salad green and 2nd toast, it becomes a quick and filling lunch sandwich when I hike or backpack (need sodium to replace electrolyte).  The 2nd half will become my 2nd sandwich if I do overnight backpacking (for dinner).
Our family loves SPAM and Amazon makes it so easy and such a great deal to buy in bulk.  The 7-ounce size is perfect for our use.  Amazing what you can use SPAM for.  Add it to all your favorite recipes in place of other meats!  Super convenient to have it come in automatic shipments without having to give it a second thought!
It's a long time since Iv'e eaten Spam but I decided to give it a try. I always had left overs before but with this size can I simply enjoy every bit in one serving.
Well worth the price.  Very large chocolate truffles that taste amazing.  Can't wait for Amazon to get them again.  1 January 2012. Just browsed to the truffle page and had a mini heart attack when I saw the price.  They were $12.00 when I purchased them in 2011.
Excellent product.  Crab Cakes made with lump style crabmeat has been a family tradition during Christmas holidays for over 40 years.  Local grocery stores do not carry lump style and only offer fancy/minced crab meat which is OK but not as satisfatory as lump style.
THESE TREATS ARE THE ONLY ONES MY 14 YEAR OLD DOG WILL EAT. SHE LOVES THEM.
She will play with it before eating it.  Since she is small it acts like a tiny ball for her.  They are expensive, but less so at Amazon than at a pet store.
I have three small dogs and these are one of their favorite treats!  I don't have to worry about them choking and I feel I am giving them a healthy treat!  Please don't ever stop making them Pet N Shape.
Terrific with English Triffle.  Beware though the pack of 6; each of the 6 containers makes about a gallon of pudding.
After you've made the customary, authentic English trifle with Bird's custard powder you might not want to go back to the usual grocery-store pudding packages. I DID purchase a large quantity of Bird's custard power, the pack of six, but the packs have a longish shelf life, and I enjoyed sending a surprise pack/container to a friend who is originally from England.<br /><br />At Christmas, I will also include a container of Bird's custard powder to special relatives and friends so they can learn how easy it is to make excellent trifle with this product. For my non-English family and friends, I will include laminated instructions based on my own successes with Bird's custard recipe for trifle.<br /><br />English trifle is so easy to make with the following:  Bird's custard powder, store-bought pound cake, thawed frozen fruit, some sherry wine (or slightly sweetened juice from the thawed frozen fruit) poured over the small slices of cake. For the final touch, add non-dairy whipped "creme." Delicious and inexpensive! I highly recommend this product and am so pleased to be able to purchase it through Amazon. And the price for the six  containers is so very reasonable as to almost be unreal. Go for it!
We found this on our recent trip to England and had to find it as soon as we got home.<br />It's a standard for the Brits, and for us now too.  It's been around FOREVER.<br />You can use it in so many ways; pies, trifle, donuts,<br />cakes, by itself with fresh fruit and whipped cream, or even on french toast!
I am from England and I was raised on this custard. If you like vanilla custard/pudding you will love this. It's rich and creamy and has lots of vanilla taste.  I love that it comes in a big canister and I can make as much as I want to. I would never make a trifle with anything else.
This is a great product, we have made custard with it for years and it always makes great custard. We will purchase this product again. Amazon does a great job of getting us our purchases fast and without damage.
life without bird's custard has been hell ! i've tried other varieties-sthg from holland if i recall correctly-just not up to snuff...i ordered 6 to ensure i never run out ! better than ice cream and not half as fattening.
I purchased this product because I have previously used it and it is not always easy to locate on store shelves.  I prefer it to other powdered custard(pudding) products for ease of making and taste. It's wonderful in trifles or just about any pudding type dessert you want to make. Amazon gets the product to you almost immediately and at a reasonable price.
Hard to find locally. Great price, especially with the free shipping.  Have enough to share with family and friends.
This is a wonderful and very handy product.  I'm thrilled by all the yummy ways this can be used.  My aunt, who lived in Ireland for 7 years, said they used it all the time and loved it.
I actually use this mix to make vegetable biryani and it works well for this purpose,  with some slight adjustments to the recipe.<br /><br />I do have one caveat about the product, but it's about the recipe given, not the spice mix. I think the amount of ghee it is suggested you use (200 grams) is too much, and you can easily use 100 grams instead. Also, I think it's easier to mix the spices and yogurts first and cover the chicken (or vegetables) with the mix to marinate than to mix it in the pan while frying.<br /><br />To make vegan biryani you can substitute vegetables for chicken, coconut milk for yogurt, and safflower or peanut oil for ghee.<br /><br />Overall this spice mix makes the tastiest biryani I've had outside of a restaurant, and even rivals some of them. And the price makes this an incredible deal--there are 2 bags per package and there are 6 packages, so this makes 12 large batches for ~$13 with free shipping. I will definitely order more when I run out.
I love this tea. It has a mild flavor and no caffeine. The only problem is that the string comes detached from the bag after about a minute in hot water. This doesn't happen once in a while, it happens nearly every time.<br /><br />Triple Leaf Tea, please fix this bag issue. It's frustrating to the point where I may look for a similar tea from another company.
Anytime I have started to get even the slightest sore throat, I drink this and the next morning it's gone. I always bought it at World Market, but they said it has been discontinued. But, thank God for Amazon!
This tea is so helpful for congestion and it tastes great too.  Make sure you let it steep as long as the directions say.  It really seems to help you to feel better.
A friend sent me two boxes of this for Christmas.  I thought it an odd gift, as I can just go out and buy herbal tea.  Shortly thereafter, I was flung into major stress and chaos during an extreme family crisis. I started drinking this tea to help with unexpected stomach pains and it worked!  Not only that, during this time, other family members got physically ill, but I was able to carry on without catching the bug.  Since then, I'm a believer.  I make this as iced tea for daytime and drink a cup at night before bed.
In cold weather, I brew this tea by the pot, keep it simmering, and brew a lemon ginger or ginger lemon tea, by the cup, made with this as the base.  My husband will drink it, and I can't get him to use any other medicinal.  (Hates licorise.)  It helped a great deal last winter.
Have bought this from the folks who prepare it and I must say, this is the absolute best item I have ever tasted. They make this at a farm in Benson, AZ and it tastes like heaven. Highly recommend it for everything...I tend to slice up apples and dip them. Have tried it on toast as well.
I've been feeding liver biscotti for years. I was looking for a healthy treat without additives for my epileptic dog (additives can be a seizure trigger) and liver biscotti filled the bill. The ingredients are top-quality. The bite-size bits are perfect for training and don't muck up your pockets. The bite-size portions also make it possible to give rewards without adding pounds, which is a problem with other treats.  And for dogs with wheat and other sensitivities, there is an anti-allergenic recipe. Enthusiastically recommended!
This is an excellent training treat for every day.  It's not a "high value" treat (used for more challenging training situations) nor is it so bland that it does not serve as an incentive.  It's a good size, though it does make some crumbs.  Plus, "liver biscotti" is fun to say!
My 2 dogs love this treat.  When my oldest (male) was younger, he would sit down, stand up, go down, roll over, etc. and do every trick in his repertoire before I even gave him a command whenever I pulled out a bag of the liver biscotti.  My female also loves this but she's a little less silly.  Also, this has never upset their stomachs nor caused allergic reactions.  I finally had to find a place that sold this in bulk (i.e., 5 lbs. bags) since I was going to the store ALL the time to buy more of these.  I also stuff their Kongs with a combo of these and their regular kibble and some pumpkin and freeze it. I highly recommend this treat.
Five of my five dogs agree - they'd rather munch liver biscotti than almost anything else.  I pull out a treat and they come running.  It cheers 'em up, encourages them to obey, lets 'em know I love 'em, and got me over some really rough training spots with my 90 pound puppy!!!  And in a few instances when I've been slow producing the goodie, they've cornered me and dug in my pocket themselves!  I think it's a hit!
Our dog loves these treats.  We sprinkle a few into his regular dry dog food, and he gobbles everything up as fast as he can.  We also use them as rewards for good behavior.  Wonderful, nutritious, really good to have on hand at all times.
Lucy loves these treats as does her friend, Daisy - I do not know what else to say to fill up the 210 word minimum.
My dog will do anything for these treats. Buying a five pound bag lasts about a year and they are dry so they are easy to put in your pocket and they last forever.
Despite what many say and think about bulldogs, ours are picky about their snacks.  They love the liver biscotti which can be a hand-fed treat or used in a treat ball.  They last longer than most snacks and because our bullies don't often chew their food, these are the perfect size.  I don't feel bad about feeding these either because they are low calorie and without fillers.
Our dog named "Big Red" loves your liver biscoti and the closest store was 54 miles round trip. I am not too keen on driving that far so I found your mail service on the internet. Now our 8 pound poodle gets his treats again!
They're perfect training treats for my dogs.  They go to the place where they're stored and stand there until I get a handful for our play games.
even my vet approves. these little treats are my dogs favorite. i just get the small ones because i have a small dog.
My dogs go crazy over Liver Biscottis. They are nice and crunchy which helps clean their teeth and all the ingredients are wholesome.
My dog would have to stop breathing before she would fail to perform for Liver Biscotti. Even my friends with finicky dogs are surprised how their dogs love the stuff.
If there is one thing our dog likes, it is the liver biscotti dog treats.  These make the best rewards and training treats we have used.
As another reviewer mentioned, these treats are CRUNCHY!. I like them for 2 reasons..my dog can't just "woof them down", she has to chew them, so they last..and I like that the cruchiness may be good for her teeth. The treats are small, but again, are crunchy...I'm glad I found these. She loves them and I like giving them to her.
I have two dogs that absolutely love these treats!  The 5lb bag size that I purchased is very convenient and long lasting.  The vendor that I purchased them from is very thorough; several emails were sent updating me on the status of my order and it's upcoming delivery. The price was extremely reasonable.  The best part is the fact that my pups adore these treats and they are good for them to nibble on throughout the day.  A guilt free doggie reward!
Our Portuguese Water Dog has been trained on these bite sized little treats. He loves them and will do anything for them.  Good Dog!
I DON'T MIND PAYING A LOT FOR A QUALITY TREAT FOR MY DOGS AS THESE ARE, BUT I HAVE A REAL PROBLEM IN COMPANIES WHO PRICE GOUGE ON SHIPPING CHARGES.  ITS OBVIOUSLY NOT ENOUGH FOR THEM TO GET THE AMOUNT OF MONEY (WHICH IS HIGH) FOR THE TREATS THEMSELVES THEY HAVE TO ALSO MAKE MONEY OFF ME FOR SHIPPING CHARGES.  THERE IS NO WAY THAT IT COST THEM $10 TO SHIP A 5LB BAG OF TREATS TO ME.  $6 DOLLARS WOULD BE FAIR AND ACCURATE, THIS IS THE REASON I GAVE IT ONLY 4 STARS INSTEAD OF 5
Our four dogs love this stuff! This bite size treat is a perfect size for training. The dogs like the crunch - it's shaped like a small square crouton. There is enough in this huge bag to make little gift bags for friends with dogs.
The ultimate treat for dogs of all sizes.  Our dogs are absolutely crazy for Liver Biscotti.  We love the size of this treat, it makes it very easy to use them as daily treats and not worry that you are over feeding.  The size is also great for using as bait for conformation showing.<br /><br />We love the fact that all natural ingredients with no preservatives are used.  All you have to do is open the bag and smell what's inside.  It smells so good, you might be tempted to try one too.<br /><br />We love the 5 pound bag.  Having multiple dogs, this bag really is a cost saver.  You'll see significant savings over buying the small 8oz bags.<br /><br />It also makes a great gift for your dog loving/owning friends, spread the joy of Liver Biscotti!
A fantastic product for pet treats,great smell and has freeze-dried liver treats beat by leaps and bounds. Owner of 2 fussy cockers.
OMG these things are delicious!@ I'm not a candy/sweets eater usually.. but ... OhMan! I liked them so much I may have had , two.. oops, now three!
I was just messing around on amazon when I ran into this add for beer nuts, when I noticed someone had left a review it was pretty funny, being the beer lover that I am, I had to try them,  well they're here now and I cant drink beer without them, they have a story on the back about how the guy got started in the 50's, and soon his beer nuts were in bars around america!  iIcan see why, they're pretty darn good.
i used to eat beer nuts all the time as a kid.  sorta like honey roasted peanuts, but more unique flavor.  if you never tried'em, if you like honey roasted peanuts, you'll love these!
great product! wish they were still available in bars,pubs,and stores.have given cans to several of my golf buddies and they agree with me. i'm just glad they are still available on line.
Some reviewers must have a short memory. I've been eating Beer Nuts since childhood and the ones I ordered tasted like they always have (sweet and salty). Bought them locally until I couldn't find them anymore. Great product and price for 6/12oz cans.
After a second purchase of a 12-oz Beer Nuts Peanuts 6-pack, I can level no complaints. The shipment again arrived without any adverse settling such as clumping inside the cans. Although the flavor may be a bit duller than my abiding childhood memory of them, this may be attributable instead to the diminished taste buds of a middle-ager. Nonetheless, everyone I know who has tried this product likes it.  Either as a stand-alone snack or as an adjunct to a couple of beers, Beer Nuts is a tasty, if understated winner.
this is the second time ordering beer nuts....i can not find them anywhere in local stores.  the shipment came (6 cans per order) and 2 cans were damaged.  called amazon customer service and the next day another 6 cans appeared at my door.<br /><br />the nuts are always great (unless can is damaged and nuts are stale) but the customer service was the shining star.  thank you !!  will order again
My husband is a Beer Nut lover. Looked in many stores<br />and could only find small bags. Love these large cans.
I am 76 years old and I have eaten these nuts for many years.  The ones mailed to me are very tastey.  The only problem is that they were jostled around and a lot of the red skins came off and went to the bottom of the can.  No big deal but it would have been better if they had stayed on the nuts.  I will order from Amazon again.
Not always available at our local stores. I love them. They are especially good watching football games, with you favorite malt beverage. This is a good deal, and super fast delivery, too. The nuts were fresh and tasty, as always.
These are the long time classic.  Not as sweet as honey roasted peanuts, these have just the right balance to go with a nice cold brew.  Amazon's price on these is really great.
This is the good stuff! I am eating some right now with some sweet basil tomato sauce. This pasta has a neat shape and it cooks up nicely. It's colorful and tasty and is great "al dente".
All of the Castellana pastas are absolutely wonderful.  They have a great taste, hold their unique shapes, grab lots of sauce in your dishes, and have a nice "bite."  This is a great price for this item!
*****<br /><br />Oh, I love this pasta! It is thick, chewy, absolutely extraordinary! And made with authentic flavorings to boot! The red are flavored with tomato and red beet powder. The green are flavored with spinach powder and basil powder. The black pastas are flavored with squid ink, the off-white are au naturale. The yellow pasta are flavored with turmeric, the orange with carrot powder. A rainbow of beauty and natural delectable flavor.<br /><br />The pasta are shaped like little cresent moons with a rough exterior to absorb whatever sauce or oil you might use. Because this pasta is so very flavorful, I enjoy it best with a good quality olive oil and some Celtic sea salt. Sometimes I add some tarragon or fresh rosemary, usually not, so I can just savor the pasta alone. It also is excellent with olive oil and fresh grated Parmesan chees on top.<br /><br />With only 1g of fat, 10g of sodium, this can also be a heart-healthy meal. There are 7g of protein and 42g of carbos, no added sugars or preservatives.<br /><br />It is the perfect easy dish to impress company or a date!<br /><br />To be able to buy the best packaged pasta in the whole wide world at HALF PRICE in bulk from Amazon is a wonderful privilege. You will not be disappointed.<br /><br />*****
Yes, it's expensive, but it's worth it!  I have yet to find a marinade that stands up to this one.  Add some crushed garlic, sauteed onions and vegetables of your choice, then mix it all with this sauce and whatever meat you choose (I prefer using the resulting marinade by adding some fresh rosemary and lamb) for two days.  You won't believe the oohs and aahhhs you get at the table...worth every penny!
It's not a traditional BBQ sauce in terms of flavor, but you could easily use it for that. It's very thick and has a strong hotness (not too hot - but hotter than most spicy BBQ sauce) and it's made from much better ingredients than most BBQ or sweet hot sauces. It tastes very fruity rather than sugary sweet. It would be great on almost anything grilled or stir fried, and it's incredible in pork and beans. Don't let the price scare you away from this outstanding condiment.
It's always wonderful to be able to give chocolates as a gift and to receive them.  It's great to know that you can send someone  some chocolates with the guarantee that they don't arrive all melted.  Good Service and Excellent chocolates!
We love strawberries dipped in chocolate but locally we could not find the dark chocolate type - so glad we found this at Amazon - it is WONDERFUL!
Best dipping chocolate ever! I dipped strawberries, pretzels marshmallows its wonderful. My whole family loves them. Great to bring out to friends or occasions! Dont forget the wax paper, otherwise it will stick to your plate!
I have tried a couple of different cocao powders but this one is a step above the other ones.  The richness of the bean has a dark smooth flavor within the powder.  It is just a better product
I use a lot of raw cocoa for my power protein drinks.  With the high price of cocoa on the commodity market, this is an excellent price, especially for an organic product.  The cocoa is less "tasty" than my regular brand, but does very well for the price.  My main complaint is that the product came in a sealed plastic bag with NO label.  I would like to see an organic label, as well as, the nutrition info for the product.
This cocoa powder has a deep, fruity taste- I highly recommend it.  I recently bought a vitamix blender, which means that I now make 5 smoothies a day.  This cocoa powder, plus some almond milk, frozen fruit, yogurt, and a dash of maple syrup, makes an excellent "milk shake".  Disclaimer: I like 99.9% of all chocolate, so take this positive review with a grain of salt.
Almost identical to Ghiradeli's great chocolate taste...but raw!organic! The best!!! I also whip it into whipped up sprouted almonds with Strvia and make ball/snacks from it, yummmm
This was my first time ordering raw cacao powder and I was pleasantly surprised!  The item was packed and shipped professionally and I love the resealable bag.  I initially tasted the cacao by dipping my finger in the bag and I didn't taste anything.  I then placed two tablespoons in my homemade vegetable/fruit juice which normally tastes like bananas...  I was pleasantly surprised because it now tasted like a bona fide chocolate shake!  This is one of the best deals you'll find (online) on certified organic raw cacao and it tastes great.  This is one of the healthiest foods in the world and I recommend this seller if you're looking to purchase it.
Raw Cacao Powder differs greatly in taste than processed Cacao Powder. Commercial cacao powder is often triple fermented and then roasted. Commercial companies are more interested in a product which has no nutritional value but great consistency in flavor. Commercial Cacao Powder is mono tonal in flavor. Raw Cacao is everything that Commercial Cacao isn't. It is a antioxidant super-food which has no equal. The taste does vary slightly from one part of the year to the next. As to taste, it has a wonderful intoxicating tannin like aroma with mild overtones of Mahogany. In foods it has a complexity which some cooks will absolutely love while the others who read from the book may want to go back to there standard one dimensional cacao. In baking, I believe it goes well with other flavors such as Almond Extract. If you want to do an extraordinary butter cream icing with a tad of Almond extract, your icing will have no equal. In chocolate cake I personally would go heavy and do a buttermilk or sour cream cake. The acid helps to unify and amplify flavors. I like making cake with 60% cake flour which is about has about 5% wheat gluten and 40% rice flour. The reason for this should be obvious. The heavy texture that rice flour imparts makes your cake stand proud and one bite is then never more than enough.<br /><br />Raw Cocoa powder is rich in polyphenols, such as catechins and procyanidins, and has been shown to inhibit low-density lipoprotein (LDL) oxidation and atherogenesis in a variety of models. Human studies have also shown daily intake of cocoa increases plasma high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and decreases LDL levels although the drug companies having endeavored to understand the mechanism in which this happens.
This powder, and this company, are both superb. There was a small problem with the order and they handled it in such a gracious manner that I will be a customer forever.
This is a very tasty cacao powder.  It arrived in an unmarked bag (does not have an organic symbol or product description) but it seems to be the real deal.  Good flavor, similar to or better than name brand powders I have purchased in the past.  Will definitely purchase again.
bought as gift for hard to buy for father...he LOVED  bread said it was delicious !!
WONDERFUL PRODUCT.<br /><br />ALL THE BREAD MIXES I HAVE TRIED ON AMAZON ARE NOT DISAPPOINTING!!!<br /><br />WILL BE BACK FOR MORE.  THEY WILL MAKE GREAT CHRISTMAS PRESENTS.
I figured there must be bacon out there like bacon used to be - this is it.  If you are of a 'certain age' (over 40 or 50?) you remember the deep smoky flavor of a good bacon; this cannot be found in "store bacon" anymore.  Modern bacon is thin, lightly/poorly smoked - even the so-called 'gourmet' bacon.  This is the old fashioned flavor and thickness of bacon the way it was in the "good old days."  Arrives nice and cool in an ice pack - cheaper if you buy the 12-pack.
Love this, dont use too much because it is strong, but it tastes great.  Makes even mediocre salmon taste great.
These are thin,crisp, fragrant cookies and are very delicious and tasty. They are excellent with a glass of cold almond milk or hot herbal tea. (my choices) If you like ginger snaps you will love Lars ginger snaps.
These ginger cookies are it...I don't have to look anymore ...I have found THE cookie ...I ate the entire box and did not share...so hubby said when I order more I have to get 2 boxes cause he would like to have some..:)
Very good.  Very tasty and authentic flavor!  I ordered these last minute for Christmas, not knowing if they were going to arrive on time.  They arrived at my house on Christmas Eve.
Didn't have time to make these this year so I thought I would buy them. I never buy cookies, but these I would buy again. My son loved them. The only thing I had to do was dip them in white chocolate.<br />Thanks
After finding out two of our family members have celiac disease, we had to give up licorice and cherry nibs.  Candy Tree's Organic Cherry Bites have no sugar and truly rival the cherry nibs with gluten.  After a year of not having the "real thing" my husband believes Candy Tree's are actually better.
This licorice has very good taste.  My daughter is on a gluten free diet and she loves these cherry bites.
Wow--this was the first licorice I'd had in two years after being diagnosed with Celiac disease.  That was one of the hardest things to give up!  These are nice--not exactly like the real thing, but close enough.  There are many companies that call their product "licorice," but they are merely rip-offs of "Dots" candy: i.e. nothing like real licorice--very gooey and stick to your teeth.  These are quite firm, more like older licorice, but still a great chew.  It satisfied me and my craving for "real" licorice.
Gluten Free foods tend to be extremely expensive when compared to "regular" foods. This licorice follows that trend. For the times when you'd like to treat yourself, Candy Tree Organic Licorice is a tasty and safe treat for Gluten Intolerant people. Amazon seems to have the best prices on it too.
This dressing became an instant favorite of mine.  It's fat free without losing the flavor.  Alot of other dresings lose alot of flavor in their fat free versions, and that only makes you have to use twice as much.  Wish Bone is now my only choice for Ranch dressing.  My husband doesn't usually go for fat free or diet anything, but I put this on our salads and he didnt even know!
If I had not purchased this salad dressing myself, I never would have guessed it was fat free. Served it with fresh vegetables during Thanksgiving pre-dinner, and it was a definite hit with the guests too.
Like the flavor and it's thick, unlike some fat free dressings that are really runny.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000ODRY9I">Wish Bone Fat Free Ranch Salad Dressing, 16-Ounce Bottle (Pack of 6)</a><br /><br />This is a great salad dressing...tastes just as good and is as flavorful as the regular 'fatfull' dressing.
The price is pretty good given that local stores sell one bottle for almost $4. Don't know why the price on this has gone up though.
My doc has strictly limited me on what I can and cannot eat. I can use this salad dressing and was pleased to find it in bulk at a great price. Good taste.
WANT TO TASTE SOMETHING DIFFERENT?  THEN YOU ARE COMING TO THE RIGHT PLACE.  I JUST LOVE THE SMOOTHNESS  AND FLAVOR OF THE RANCH DRESSINGNOW GET ON YOUR HORSES (OR MULES) AND ORDER SOME TODAY.
This is a very smooth tea from Argo Tea.  I was so excited when they came to NYC, and I bought a bag of this tea to make at home.  It has an almondy/chocolatey flavor (but not overpowering).  It's a great tea for everyone, including people just starting to drink tea.  I love it in a Latte (I just microwave some milk and use that instead of water).
If you like jasmine tea, This is a great tea! Its lite not, overly medicine tasting like jasmine tea can be. Its also fun to watch the tea leaves unfurl... I steep it so many times that until I lost count.. haha. Just Great .
We received a box of these at work and the whole package was gone moments after opening it up!  Great biscuits and now I am ordering a couple boxes for a few gifts for people I can't figure out what to get...
Of all the flavors of tic tacs, these are my favorite.  Great wild cherry flavor. Love them!! Too bad they aren't more readily available to purchase locally.
These little buggers are tough to find so I was happy to get a big pack at a good price online.  My daughter is content with these as a reward for doing something well and at 2 calories a piece, not all that unhealthy.
Definitely would reorder these again.  I think it would be better if they were offered in a bigger pack.  My kids love these.  Great little Valentine's Day gifts.  Great stocking stuffers.
I bought them for a friend because she loves the cherry ones and they're hard to find. I kept half for myself. I admit, gone in no time.
Everyone knows what a Tic Tac is, but let me tell you something; if you like orange tic tac's, you're going to LOVE wild cherry tic tacs!  Very cherry flavored with just enough of a mix of sweet and sour.  Do yourself a favor and try some.
I love these Wild Cherry Tic Tacs and they are impossible to find in stores.  I am so glad that I can get them from Amazon and the price is excellent!  They are a great low calorie treat and I will keep buying them from Amazon.  Highly recommend this purchase!
I low orange tictacs and after reading reviews I decided to try these and there almost just as good. Orange is still my favorite but cherry is pretty close
These are one of my favorite flavors of tic tacs.  The flavor is a true sour cherry and quite intense.  You really get a lot of flavor out of one 2-calorie treat, which can satisfy for quite a while!
great thanks for the great service i don't know what else to say i have said all i have tu say.
Since husband quit smoking many many yrs ago, he took up the tic-tac habit with cinnamon tic-tacs.  they no longer make cinnamon so he has tried the wild cherry and they are OK.
Very nice product<br />full of quality items - not the cheap candies like other baskets
Were just what my wife wanted and she loves them. Next she will get the other type of bar by the same vendor.
I love sorghum flour.  It's mild in flavor and smell, it's easily mixed into flour blends for gluten free baking too.  It's one of my favorites along with millet, sweet rice, coconut and almond.
I buy most of my flours from Bob's Red Mill in the 4-pack boxes, if only because having all the bags and boxes the same size makes it easier to store them.  It's good flour, and the bag's a good size for baking for a small family - also a good shape that will stand up on the counter while you scoop flour out of it.
My sister is alergic to wheat so I make her a lot of Gluten Free foods.  I searched local stores and could not find Sorghum Flour.  So I looked on Amazon and finally found it.  It was all packed wonderfully and arrived perfectly fine and I'm already using it.
I love baking with The Bob's Red Mill 'Sweet' White Sorghum Flour. I use it in many things but I tend to lean toward sweeter treats such as Cakes and Muffins. I make a crumble topping with this flour that my family and guests beg for! I would highly recommend this flour to any baker, even more for the gluten-intolerant ones. I use normal recipes and just replace the wheat flour. It always turns out fantastic!
I am a big fan of Sorghum flour for my baked goods. It gives everything a bit of sponge (especially cakes) and adds an extra bit of sweet to the baking. I highly recommend this for baking flour mixes - you may not want to add it to savory recipes though because of the light sweet flavor.
Spectrum Naturals Walnut Oil, refined, is a very mild oil. I can't detect any walnut smell or taste any walnut flavor at all. Maybe that's what you want in some cases, though I was hoping for a more nutty flavor like raw walnuts.<br /><br />It does have the advantage of having higher Omega 3 content than most oils. Also most oils that are high in Omega 3 (like fish oil and flax oil) have a strong taste which you probably don't want on your salad.<br /><br />Unlike some of Spectrum's oils, it is not organic.
Great product!<br /><br />The Stevia powder will not raise your blood glucose level and it is all natural.<br /><br />Use very sparingly since it is much sweeter than sugar.<br /><br />Tastes more natural than artifical sweeteners and is healthy to use since it is an organic natural sweetener.
I have recently been on a low carb diet, as I find that I can no longer tolerate even natural sugars like agave, honey, and dates. These raise the blood sugar which spikes the insulin, a hormone whose message is "store fat!" Insulin also causes the kidneys to retain water and therefore I would bloat from a high carb diet.<br /><br />My dilemma is that I love sweets--and now it is not a problem, thanks to products like stevia, a natural plant that has safely been used in parts of the world as a sweetener for hundreds of years. It has no calories and no impact on the blood sugar (although for some people there might be a bit, as the brain is tricked into thinking it is getting sugar). Stevia used to be legal in the USA only as a cosmetic product because of politics: companies that made low calorie sweeteners such as aspartame did not want competition. Yet, aspartame gave me headaches and even sometimes symptoms of multiple sclerosis. So I would use stevia at times, but the aftertaste was bad--and to be honest, I wasn't too crazy about the "during taste" either.<br /><br />Then I tried NuNaturals. This product is awesome and like no other stevia I have tried. It is not only delicious but also has no aftertaste (unless you put in way too much--a common mistake by people new to this). It comes in tablets and in powdered form (in a bottle or handy packets with individual servings). It also comes in alcohol-free liquid form and even in vanilla flavor. Unlike aspartame (which becomes even more toxic when heated) stevia can be used in baking. NuNaturals has a stevia baking blend just for that. (Since I am a raw fooder, I can't tell you how it tastes, but I am sure it is good, judging by their other products.)<br /><br />Thanks to these great products, I can do a low carb raw diet but not be deprived of my sweets!
I used to use agave nectar and honey. Even though I picked organic, there was still more sugar than desired after I put in my recipes. I actually got Tinea Versicolor due to the sugars in those products.<br /><br />But this product is great. I use it in my protein shakes, smoothies, and baking recipes (muffins, breads), and it's awesome.<br /><br />I make a chocolate milkshake and this stuff really rounds off the edges:<br />- Cottage Cheese<br />- Chocolate Protein Powder<br />- Cacao powder<br />- Almond Milk<br />- Nustevia powder<br /><br />Just need maybe 1/4 cup of each ingredient and 1 cup of almond milk and it takes just like a sugary chocolate milk shake.
This is the best tasting stevia powder I've tried. Most other powders have a weird after taste but this one doesn't. I recently bought a 5lb bag of it online and I'm making my way through it.
Cutting sugar out of our diet,we went to splenda. Then finding that it was also unhealthy and baking with it made foods flat and dry. We went to stevia no calorie powder, after much research proved that stevia has been used for hundreds of years with no bad health effects. The trick to using stevia is to use tiny amounts and then taste it and add a bit more at a time to suit your taste. I also found that using a stevia that has an 80% ratio is the best tasting and this is the best that I have found. Because of using VERY SMALL amounts this jar lasts for months. This is also the best price ANYWHERE! Swanson is a trusted vendor as is Amazon.
I am hooked on Stevia. Not only is it all natural but it tastes great and is truly a guilt free sweetner.<br /><br />Of all the brands I have tried NuNaturals is the best; it dissolves easily in ice tea and it does not have any bitter taste.<br /><br />I keep the packets in my car and my backpack for when I eat out, I use the stevia baking blend to replace sugar in all my muffins and cookies, and this is large 12 oz jar the best size for use at home. I keep a 1/4 tsp measuring spoon in the jar to spoon it out.<br /><br />I have given up all artificial sweetners. I no longer drink diet coke (and wont until they make it with stevia instead of splenda).<br /><br />If you have not used stevia before I urge you to try it. If you have used other brands and did not like them try NuStevia and you will be impressed.
This has been the best tasting Stevia I have tried.  I also think this is a better value than some of the others.  I really like not having to open all the packets when I make a gallon of Tea.
If you are looking for a sweetener that is delicious in tea, Stevia can be used to sweeten hot or cold tea. You can almost say goodbye to regular sugars in your drinks once you get a taste for the Stevia powder.<br /><br />Unlike artificial sweeteners, Stevia is never bitter and won't leave a nasty aftertaste in your mouth. The packets are easy to carry with you and you may even notice you have less cravings for sugary foods.<br /><br />By using a low calorie (0 Calories) sweetener with only 1 gram of carbs, you will be ahead of the game. Every single time you use one packet of Stevia, you are using less sugar and you won't even miss it.<br /><br />~The Rebecca Review
I hated Stevia and it's licorice taste until I tried Nustevia.  Since that day, I have almost completely eliminated sugar in my drinks.  I like that it is a plant based product and not bio-engineered.  No after-taste and you need very little to make anything taste sweet.
I don't like using artificial sweeteners because of the chemicals and because they don't taste good. I am a caregiver for my diabetic dad, and once I discovered this product I was hooked, except that it is hard to find where I live. When I found it at Amazon I put it on auto ship so I don't run out.  The price has gone up a lot since I first found it on Amazon, however, it still costs more in stores if and when I can find it there. I make limeade with this which I keep on hand at all times. In a gallon container of water I add 1 cup of lime juice and 2tbsp. of stevia powder. It is refreshing and almost no calories and no chemical aftertaste.  My dad uses the stevia in his coffee and his oatmeal. I haven't tried cooking with it although I know they make one designed for baking, which I'll possibly try this winter.
I bought the NuNaturals White Stevia with Maltodextrin several months ago as I'm trying to cut back on sugar and artificial sweeteners. The first morning I tried it in my coffee and hated it. It tastes just as bitter as Equal or Sweet n Low. I decided to give it another  try that same day in my lemonade and it was absolutely delicious. I've also tried it in hot tea and it is bitter but wonderful in iced tea. So, I think hot drinks bring out the bitterness in stevia. All in all I'm glad I bought this and also a box of the packets which are very convenient on the go. I have tried many different brands of stevia but, so far this is the only one I have not thrown out. I also tried Truvia. Not a fan. It makes your coffee or tea taste like licorice!
If you are trying to get off sugar, this is the product for you. I has a great sweet taste without spiking your insulin, and no bitter aftertaste.  Great for diabetics and anyone trying to eat healthy.  I love this product.
I have tried various brands of stevia, but I always come back to NuNaturals.  I buy the 12 ounce container because I use it to sweeten everything.  If you have a sweet tooth as I do but don't need the added pounds, then this is the ticket for you.  I drink a lot of tea, and this is my sweetener.  A lot of other stevia brands leave a bitter after taste, but this is the best that I have found to resolve that problem.  Highly recommended.
If you need to cut down on sugar this is the way to go! I love Stevia in my iced tea and it's great on your cereal also. Great stuff!!
I started using NuStevia several years ago.  Back then I had to purchase it from a health food store.  Thanks to Amazon I can now order and have it within a few days.  I never run out!  As for the product, it's the best.  I've tried several Stevia products but they have an after taste.  Not with NuStevia.  Please try if you haven't.
I was looking for a healthier alternative to Splenda and Equal, NuStevia taste great and this container lasts a long time.
Stevia is pretty much the only natural zero-calorie sweetener there is, but most of the time the powdered stevia is so bitter!  Not Nustevia!  Nustevia has absolutely NO bitterness, and tastes EXACTLY like real sugar!  It's amazing!  Add it to plain yogurt, you have an amazing guilt-free dessert, breakfast, side dish, snack.  Add it to tea, coffee, recipes, anything!  It is a truly magical product, and it is cheaper in the 12 oz container on Amazon than anywhere else!  They also sell it at GNC, but it is $10 for 4 oz.  Also, for drinks, I highly recommend the extremely potent liquid stevia, as sometimes the powdered version takes a while to dissolve in iced beverages (it eventually does dissolve, though).
After years of using synthetic sweeteners like Equal and Sweet N Low, I realized their long-term effects and wanted to find a good alternative. NuStevia was a lucky discovery. It has virtually no bitter aftertase, it's all natural and I've been using it exclusively for more than a year now. It works in both hot and cold beverages and comes in bulk and in packets for portability.I haven't used it for baking and probably won't because the chemistry of most recipes depends on sugar or something similar to get a good effect. However, for daily use in beverages, this product is very good.
I was quite skeptical about stevia at first, but tried it with another brand and thought there wasn't much difference in taste and I felt better about using a more natural product than the other artificial sweeteners out there. I then started looking at getting a bulk container and happened upon this product. I now have purchased this same product 4 times and am quite pleased. The product is a bit more concentrated and we are using less of the product in our drinks and cooking than other competitors.<br /><br />The deliveries are always quick and we have not had any issues at all with the product or packaging.
We love this and use it as a sugar substitute in just about everything (beverages, desserts, cooking). It is not at all bitter, even in hot drinks like coffee. For baking, there are good substitution charts online that tell you how much stevia to use per cup of sugar ([...]). If you need to replace the "bulk" of sugar in a recipe, you also have to add homemade apple fiber to make it work ([...]). My kids don't notice the switch and I feel good about using it because it's all natural.
I am so happy I discovered this product. I had tried several other brands in extract and powder form and NuNaturals is by far the best. Virtually NO aftertaste, quick dissolving and convenient. It is also very economical at 1.5 cents a serving. I use a 1/4 teaspoon measuring spoon and it sweetens my coffee or tea perfectly. Do yourself a flavor and get this stevia powder - you'll be happy you did!
I discovered this product a couple of years ago and really liked the taste in coffee , tea and on fruit and oatmeal.  It was a lot less expensive in the packets then, but I've switched to the large 12 oz. container and the price is very good. I don't use sugar and this helps me have the "sweet" and not the increased blood sugar-YEAH!!
I love this stevia! I have tried MANY different kinds over the years and this one is my FAVE! Goes great in my coffee and tea. I have this one on auto ship and get one a month (makes it pretty cheap too!)
I have tried every brand of stevia on the market and this is, hands down, the very best out there.  I use Nu-Naturals NuStevia for all sweetening purposes.  It can be hard to find even in health food stores and the ones that carry it usually charge a premium.  I was delighted to find it on amazon.com for a very reasonable price, even less when obtained through a standing order.
this stevia is the best tasting we've ever tried. it also mixes into beverages more thoroughly than some others.the service from this buyer was prompt, the product arrived on time and in excellent condition. would order from them again, and recommend them to others.Linda blyth
I ordered this after having much success with their liquid products. It is not bitter at all and has a very fresh/clean taste to it.  I have baked with it, used it on the stove, and in my oatmeal and hot cocoa.  When I run out, I'll be ordering more!
NuNaturals Stevia is the only sweetener that I use in my beverages and cooking. I have tried other brands and this one is the best! It hasn't any odd taste, and tastes better than sugar to me. I buy the large 12 ounce container and it lasts me for months! I only wish they would put this in more products sold at the grocery stores. There is a soda that has stevia in it that I purchase at a health food store called Virgil's Zero and it comes in different flavors...it is great and I don't have to be concerned about the sugar content that is in traditional sodas. This product is great and I think is the best of stevia products on the market.
I find that this jar product works better for people without as much dexterity in their hands; vs using/opening sweetener packets.  This product works well both in cold & hot things like homemade lemonade & in coffee.  Easy to open lid. Product dissolves more easily in cold liquids, than many other types of stevia.
I used to buy this product in this size at a health food store in Florida for 27 dollars. Where I moved to in NY I could not find it in the stores so I looked online. With shipping costs, it still cost under 20 dollars.<br /><br />I use this product in tea and coffee and I like it better than real sugar. I don't find it bitter at all even when I accidently put a little too much in ice tea. Sometimes I forget it's not real sugar when it's in ice tea. I especially like that it has no other additives for texture or taste. I have used it in baking simple pound cakes and cookies and they were good.
NuStevia's White Stevia powder is amazing!  I have been on a low-carb diet for the last year and have lost 27 lbs, and NuStevia products were a big help with the success of my diet.  I love sweet things, and without them I don't think I'd have been able to stay on the low-carb diet.  I have been unable to eat sugar for a long, long while.  I had previously switched to natural sweeteners like honey and agave, but when I discovered they were not on the low-carb diet I'd switched to, I had to find something else to use as a substitute.  NuStevia products are what I chose.  I tried several other types of stevia, but NuStevia products seem to be the best so far.  The bitter aftertaste associated with most stevia products is almost completely absent from NuStevia products.<br />NuStevia white stevia powder is super sweet, so you'll have to use it sparingly, and one bottle lasts a very long time.<br />I'm very happy with the product and will be buying it again and again.
The first time I tried this product  was 2 years ago at the Venetian spa restaurant in Las Vegas  having  a cup of tea with some friends. We all remarked how delicious and tasty it made our tea.  We've been using it ever since. A little goes a long way and I use it anytime I would ordinarily use a sweetener.  Since the artificial sweeteners are so unsafe and unhealthy and I have a sweet tooth, I felt this was a safe alternative. Not only is it safer, but there's no aftertaste and doesn't raise your blood sugar level. This particular stevia has absolutely no bitter taste to it. I've tried others before and since and there's no comparison.
Very happy with the product.... in a taste test, for the price, it ranks very high.  Delivery was prompt and as expected.
Love this on a toasted bagel with cream cheese and scallions or even dill, great way to enjoy caviar and not break the bank.
Roland Red lumpfish Caviar is excellent.The price is good and affordable,it makes a good presentation for company, and tastes very good. I purchased many items from Amazon, even large ticket items, and I am very satisfied with the products and service.
Because they brought bagels to America without which we never could get maximum level of enjoyment out of this delightful low cost caviar.  Caviar for breakfast!  We use the small soft plain bagels cut in two upon which we smooth a bit of cream cheese then a nice ring of caviar in the center of which is colorful and delicious cut up hard cooked egg then add a perfect cup of coffee.  This is is best done on a week end so it can be savored ever so slowly--no stress involved--pure luxury.  Yes, Yes, Yes, yes, yes.
Not knowing what to expect I decided to take a chance since it wasn't that expensive.  I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the caviar.  I put this stuff on just about anything I could and it was amazing.  I don't know too much about caviar, but for this price I don't think anybody can complain.
This is a joy to serve on my mini potato pancakes  with sour cream and then a teaspoon of this caviar on top. Soooooo tasty and pretty for Christmas. Thanks for offering it.
All of the Roland products are top quality.  Roland's caviar is the real deal, unlike some other brands that are really made from seaweed!
if u have not tried this u r missing the best thing u could cook for your family.I give this 10 stars.
Cooked in healthy coconut oil that's why it stays crunchy! Will not give you side effects of vegetable oil - oxidized cholesterol, transfats, rancidity, and free radicals when you eat foods fried in canola soybean or corn oil.
These are a cheap alternative for summer when everyone wants a cold treat. Superior flavor and size than the Fla-Vor-Ice case.
We first tasted this coffee in the hotel coffee shop in Costa Rica while on vacation.  We bought a few bags and brought them back home with us.  Costa Rica grows arabica coffee beans, fantastic.  We enjoy good coffee and it is best in the morning. It's strong, flavorful, full bodied, and not bitter.  In our 12 cup drip coffee maker, we use two rounded scoops (about 5 tbs).  When we finished the last of the coffee, we looked on Amazon and found the exact brand we had purchased in Costa Rica.  We bought four bags and will be getting more.
Forget Starbucks, Peets or anything else. This is the real deal. Like a good vintage wine, Britt coffee is truly gourmet with no after taste! I am really fussy about coffee, and generally avoid it, but after a trip to Costa Rica fell in love with the beverage again! You have to use a French Press to get the full favor so throw away those other coffee making contraptions, your beans deserve the best, your taste buds deserve the best too. No I don't work for Britt and did not get paid to say this!!!!!  But if you guys at Britt read this send me a sample or two!!
This  coffee is the smoothest dark roast coffee I have ever tasted,and it was a pleasure to sip this full bodied coffee before breakfast and after dinner.
I love this coffee! Like the other reviewers, I took a trip to Costa Rica and was immediately addicted to this bold, flavorful coffee. I am a cover lover and have tried many different brands only to find that Britt is hands-down the best I've ever had. I brought back one bag from Costa Rica and have started ordering my supply because I can't go back to other bland store-bought coffees. Definitely worth a try! You won't be disappointed.
This coffee is delicious. It is full bodied and leaves a great almost chocolaty after taste. My dad told me about it after a trip to Costa Rica.
My husband and I took a vacation to Costa Rica and had a wonderful time.  The whole time we were there we drank there Britt Dark Roast and loved the taste.  There was no bitter after taste, plus I normally drink decaf and noticed with the Britt regular dark roast it didn't bother me at all!!! I don't have to order decaf anymore and can enjoy the regular. I now order it on line and find it to be the best tasting coffee I've ever had.<br />Thanks for growing the best coffee beans in the world!!!
Great tasting coffiee!! One of the best I've ever had! The problem here is the high shipping costs.
My husband and I fell in love with Cafe Britt coffee while we were in Costa Rica.  Upon our return we were delighted to see that we could order it through amazon.com!  The coffee is easy to drink - not bitter or harsh and is a great way to start your day.  Highly recommended.
I used to use this coffee after we visited Costa Rica and gave some to my aunt.  She thinks it is the best coffee there is, so I gave her some for Christmas.  It is excellent.
I first tried Britt dark roast when I was In Costa Rica.  It has a lot of rich flavor, but it is not bitter at all.  I've bought<br />it by the case ever since.  It's really no more expensive than those "gourmet" brands you find at your local store.  This is<br />simply the best coffee I've ever had, and I've tried many supposedly special ones over the years.
I used Super Gold Luster Dust to create the most exquisite chocolate aspen leaves for the groom's cake at my son's wedding. By using an artist's paintbrush to lightly coat the molded leaves with Luster Dust, the result was startlingly beautiful. In contrast to food coloring, the Luster Dust brushes on easily and imparts a realistically metallic color and sheen. The containers are small but the product goes a long way, making it extremely economical to use. <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1933981350">The Step Dynamic: A Powerful Strategy for Successfully Growing Your Business</a>
I have used this product multiple times.  In fact, I purchased four tubs of the gold and silver luster dust (2 each) five years ago and I am JUST NOW running out!  I use this stuff to gild all sorts of things for Renaissance themed banquets - including gilding an entire roast duck and then, using vodka, painting filigree designs onto it!  The clients thought it was prop food it looked so beautiful.  I can't recommend this stuff enough!
i purchased this item for a cake that called for gold dust, never thought i would find it, but im glad i did. when i sprinkled it on it looked  like a shining star. the container is small but it will go a long way. worth buying.
This product allows me to make some really big splashes when providing spiced nuts at gatherings.  The fact that the gold spreads so easily allows me to use just a little but "show off"  People are amazed that this is edible gold
These radiation-treated dinners that don't need freezing are a great convenience.  I've tried quite a few of the Hormel Compleats and this is one of my favorites.  Home cookin', it ain't, and it's a bit too salty, but for a satisfying meal in 90 seconds, it's hard to beat.  The only reason I've given this flavorful, decently chicken-filled dish 4 stars instead of 5 is because the rice is white.  We all know by now that whole grains are healthier, so, until these companies start making their dishes with whole wheat pasta and brown rice, I'll mark them down.
I subscribe to several Hormel Compleats. This is definitely the best flavored dinner I have tried.  I am planning to double my subscription.
Not so sure about this product. Chicken and Rice is not really what there is. Sure there is some chicken and some rice but mostly gravy. All in all I still like it.
These dinners are as close to perfect as can be found here in the mountains.  Quick, easy and delicious!
I'm not so sure why the other guy didn't like this so much, I LOVE IT!!  In fact, it might just be one of my favorite foods around.  It's tried and true, rarely cooks wrong, and always good to warm the belly and soul.  I only but this flavor, it's so good, why deviate from it?  I have tried other brands before, bit Maruchan makes the best ramen noodles in all of time.
Im on a quest to try all the Ramen Flavors. Ramen is a good lunch for me, being easy to make, cheap and versital. The Chicken flavor is one I remember but I havent had it in a long time, its one of the only flavors sold in stores where I live. I made some recently. Its better than I remember, salty but good. This is one of the more americanized flavors. I recommend NOT adding 2 cups of water. I added a bit more than 1 1/4 cup. and it was perfect. 1 1/4- 1 1/3 or 1 1/2 seems to be the perfect amount. I like eating it as a soup so I dont pour out the water. You can add things to Ramen like meat, eggs, or vegetarian protein and frozen veggies to make it a more filling meal or eat it plain. Or dont use the seasoning packet and add your own seasonings. Whatever you like. This is a great product, I recommend if you want easy, cheap lunches.
This is a classic ramen choice.  Our kids, 3-6 love this.  When we're RVing, we have a case of this on hand.  A bowl, some water, and 2:30 in the microwave, and we've got our instant meal. We break up the noodles while still sealed in the package.  This helps the kids not make a mess when trying to eat them. They don't seem to tire of these; and we're not overly offended by the nature of the just-add-water-product. We each had our ramen-eating-college-days. These also make a great item to have on hand in a desk drawer for the days you forget your lunch, etc. at work.  Just make sure you have a pack of paper (not styro-save the enviro) bowls and some fork/spoons in that drawer, too.
If you want a hot meal with no effort that is delious...this is the way. While cooking noodles...microwave left over meat/hot dog/boloni(sp?). Also, microwave a spoon or two of vegetable...left over/frozen/canned. After noodles cook/add season packet...pour over meat/veg...after a minute pour some of the liquid out...you have a wonderful meal with less sodium because you poured it out! College kids live off this meal because it is CHEAP/quick and can all be done in microwave if need be. You can get a case of Libby's carot/peas from AMAZON for about$11! Since you are using only a spoon or two...lasts a long time!
A bit dry but still good. They may be perfectly all right; I just thought the noodles were hard and dry.<br />I'm still enjoying them.
I ordered this 13-pack sampler, and I have to say that I really do like the flavor of the Donut Shop Classics pods.  They are mellow, smooth, and have virtually no bitterness.  I just can't believe how fresh they manage to keep their pods.  I give them four stars because I prefer freshly roasted and ground, but to date, when I'm in a hurry in the mornings, which is most mornings, I reach for a pod of Donut Shop Classics.
With this spice mix, you can recreate the taste of your favorite restaurant stews.  It is potent, so do not use too much. It smells heavenly. Perfect for both meat and bean stews.
If you like garlic this is for you. I've been making this as a dip with Greek yogurt and reduced fat mayonnaise. I usually add chopped spinach to it and serve it with crudites and chips. I have gotten rave reviews from my friends. My only complaint is that it consists of dried vegetables and a powder and it is difficult to make sure they are equally distributed when measuring it out.
I've been eating the McDougall Right Foods for a few years now, and this is by far the best.  It takes exactly the way the name suggests.  It tastes great with cooked vegetables such as broccoli and cauliflower, and it is very easy to make.  The only problem I have with it is that the noodles aren't thick enough for me, but I think one time I let them sit in the microwave a little longer and they became thick.  Other than that, I'd recommend this product to anyone who wants to eat healthy and who enjoys noodles and peanut flavor.
<span class="tiny"> Length:: 1:38 Mins<br /><br /></span>skip the Pad Thai. go for this.<br />edit: this soup has moved up to the #6 spot when I typed in Dr. McDougall today. I'm glad, because I want to order this for a while, and don't want this soup to be seen as unprofitable by Right Foods (Dr. McDougall).
I love the McDougall Asian Entr&eacute;es and although I haven't tried all of them this one is amazing. It has a really peanutty flavor that you wouldn't expect in a product containing only 3 grams of fat per serving. I would imagine these would make a great dinner added to a pound of mixed stir-fry vegetables...I am buying a case now to test just that! The peanut flavor is strong enough that I bet it'd distribute among a fair amount of vegetables or tofu when added so you wouldn't get very saucy noodles and dry veggies.<br /><br />I recommend this product. The best-tasting peanut noodle you'll be able to find for only 3 grams of fat.
This is a very tasty item. My wife doesn't eat meat and had to stay<br />in a hotel for 4 weeks during a training she attended. I had this shipped<br />to her and she raved about the great flavor and wanted more!
Sure, I could have gone on a food crusade at the local grocery to find a similar product. But I don't think I would have found a product as good and tasty as Dr. McDougall. The noodles are quick and easy to prepare and above all else tasty enough to satisfy my appetite. I was surprised that there were enough peanuts in every bite just like at a Thai food restaurant. Overall, I'm pleased with my order and the quality of the product.
These are super tastey! I would definitely recommend. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because I wish they were bigger! :D
Super tasty quick meal.  It's a bit small, but perfect for a lunch on the go.  Definitely not going to help you with any dinner hunger pangs though.<br /><br />The sodium is a little higher than I'd like, but I really can't beat it for economic and efficient lunchfood.
There are many workdays when I only have a few minutes for lunch or (all too often) dinner. On these days, Dr. McDougall's products are lifesavers! I keep some fresh, washed veggies in my office fridge and can have a great meal ready in 5 minutes. Just microwave this one, for instance, while cutting up some broccoli, peppers, a carrot, and whatever else I have around (I also added half of a slim yellow squash the other day, cut in little "twigs" - delicous!) By the time you're through cutting, you'll have finished with cooking the soup and the soup's "standing" time will be almost over. (It needs a few minutes to thicken up.) Take a tablespoon of the broth and a tablespoon of water, add the veggies and the liquid to a big bowl, toss the veggies in the liquid, and microwave for about 1 minute 30 seconds. When through, dump the soup and noodles on top and you have a delicious, healthy meal. The men in my office come sniffing around when the aroma of the soup comes out of the microwave -- several are now also fans, despite being initially worried by the fact that the meal is vegan. When I am organized enough to remember to wash and bring it in, I add a spring onion on top (I just use an office scissors to cut it.) If you can afford the calories, a few drops of toasted sesame oil is a nice addition, as well, as is tamari. YUMMY!
These papers are great, they leave a delicious strawberry taste on your lips. Even the glue tastes good.
These smell so good and are cute and a great size, with a bend in the middle to help roll, and holds together really well with tasty glue. Definitely recommend. Smell like strawberry bubble gum, doesn't really affect flavor too much, but better than plain ones and very sweet. Box says "printed with soy ink" so it's clean and I don't have to worry about ridiculous chemicals for the graphics.
These rolling papers are great they taste amazing and they burn slow and also prevent tar from running down the paper
Love this soup.  I have been eating this soup for a long time. I have tried several different soups with these same types of ingredients, and this one is the best by far.  However, I will not order it from Amazon again.  I ordered a case, two different times, and the first time 6 of the 12 cans were dented.  The second order, the postal worker delivered it to me in a plastic trash bag because 2 cans were busted open, the other 10 cans, were dented with the labels coming off of them because of getting wet from the soup that had leaked from the busted cans.  It was a huge mess to clean up.  They need to package items better.  Amazon did issue a full refund, but after having 2 out of 2 shipments being damaged, I am not willing to order soup, or any other food items from them.
Excellent. Very nice, rich and creamy with the pistachio nut in the middle. mmmm.....  Delish!!!
If you want a good quick cooked sauce without excess acidity these are the ones to use. The real San Marzano, beware of imitators!
Long ago I discovered that San Marzano tomatoes were unparalleled for flavor when it comes to making sauces. I tried many brands, and have done many side by side tasting comparisons, and Cento San Marzano tomatoes have consistently won out. These tomatoes have a deep and rich flavor, and a nice acid to sugar balance (though you may need to enhance this when making a sauce). It's pretty obvious when you pull these tomatoes out of the can that they were picked at their ripest, due to their deep red color and soft texture. Many tomatoes advertise themselves as San Marzanos, but since SM is a type of tomato, they could have been grown anywhere. Not these. These are SM tomatoes grown in the San Marzano region of Italy, in volcanic soils perfect for growing tomatoes. I have no affiliation with Cento, I just love a perfect tomato sauce. Use these tomatoes, be sure to not cook the sauce for more than 15 minutes, and you'll see what I mean. Even using fresh, locally grown, in-season tomatoes I haven't been able to get the depth of flavor that I do with the Centos.
I wanted to make authentic italian margherita pizza at home so I ordered this and Caputo "00" flour.  These tomatoes are amazing,  and taste just liek the tomatoes at our favorite Italian pizza restaurant.  The label says there is basil in it but i did not detect visually or in taste any basil.  This stuff is jsut awesome.  I ordered another 8 cans.  Shipping kills though.
As I was growing up my mother always made apple sauce cake for every birthday and special occasion.  After I was diagnosed with celiac I began trying to make a cake that was like the one my mother made.  After 6 years I gave up trying.  Then I saw this mix in the store 2 years ago and got very excited with the prospects.  When I make the cake I tweak the mix recipe a little. I add to the dry mix 1/4 cup coco, 1/2 cup chopped walnuts and 1/2 raisins. I use 3 large eggs, 3/4 cup apple sauce, 1/3 cup of oil and 1/3 cup water instead of what is listed on the bag.  This cake and the chocolate cake mix also made by Namaste are our family's favorites.  This includes my husband and children who are not celiac and are VERY picky eaters!
I served this wonderful cake at a Christmas party at my house.  As the only celiac in the crowd, I decided to wait until the others had tried it, before revealing that it was gluten free.  Everyone raved over the great taste!  The package included directions for making the mix into a carrot cake, which is how I served it.  My own two boys said it was the best cake I had ever made, including the traditional wheat flour cakes I sometimes make for the rest of my family.  It was moist, spicy, and rich.  It reminded me of the cakes my grandmother made when I was growing up, and she was a terrific cook.  I highly recommend this one!
This product arrived with the sanitary seal in place and in good condition.  After nearly 10 months in Iraq, being able to shake pepper out of this thing and smell it in the air is heaven compared to the tiny little pepper packets they give us that have little to no taste.  I really do love the smell of this pepper and it tastes great.  You may be better off buying it in the grocery store and not paying for shipping if you can manage that, though =)
Not wanting to pay $9 per pound at the local mall for black jelly beans, I came to my favorite online store, Amazon. With free shipping I could not beat the price. I went from paying $9 per pound to $3.50 per pound. I was afraid that maybe the good deal meant that they were stale but to my suprise they were fresh and delicious. I bought them for my mother for Mother's Day because she did not get a chance to buy any for Easter. With 10 pounds, I had plenty to share with my friends too.
These jelly beans are wonderful.  They are smaller than regular jelly beans but that doesn't take away the flavor.  I would recommand these to anyone.
Licorice Jelly Beans use to be my absolute favorite in the jelly bean flavors (I no longer eat sugar).  These were bought as a gift, so I did get to try a few just to see how they  are.  I've had many over the years before giving up on sugar and honestly have never had any with this good a flavor!  Also their customer service is excellent! I needed to contact them and they were very responsive and also willing to do just about anything to make sure even ONE customer is happy - something lacking in most companies these days.<br />To compare - I tried a couple Jelly Belly licorice ones and to me they had a fruit flavor that was just wrong - not enough of a licorice taste.  Gimbal's is less expensive this way and superior in every aspect of a licorice jelly bean.  This is a LARGE quantity!! Keep that in mind when purchasing - either have a lot of jelly bean lovers in your life, or a large family or collection of friends to share with - unless of course your sweet tooth won't stop and then, just savor them all yourself ;-)<br />Enjoy!
Soy milk is scrumptious and this variety has some extra nutrients added. It's a great, nutritious, high-calcium, no cholesterol product at a great price. Buy a case.
This product is very good.  It goes a long way.  But quite as good as the one at DD.  Good product not the less.
I absolutely LOVE the just tomatoes tomatoe slices. I thought the bits might be good for soups etc., but they don't seem to have the same sweet flavor of the slices. I will ues these up, but go back to the slices. On the whole, a great product.
I toss some of these in soups, or hydrate in a bit of hot water and add to salads or salad dressings. They add a nice somewhat meaty flavor, (almost like bacon bits but healthy), to almost any dish.
MY QUESTION FOLLOWED BY THEIR REPLY - VERY GOOD CUSTOMER SERVICE!!<br /><br />Hey guys,<br />So we are trying to feed a new born as much breast milk as we can, however there is not enough to meet his nutritional needs.<br />So a formula is in order as a supplement. With that, we are interested in your toddler formula, and it appears that since this meets the FDA Infant Formula Guidelines, that it should be safe, (and opinions on the Internet seem to feel the same way). However, our doctor says that it should not be used because of the higher amounts of calcium and phosphorous. He was also concerned about using the DHA/ARA supplement with concerns about the egg white process and that the proteins in egg whites are not good for an infant. Any thoughts on this? Thanks!<br /><br />THEIR ANSWER<br /><br />Dear Dave,<br /><br />Thank you for contacting Nature's One®.  Firstly, you are correct in that our Baby's Only Organic® formulas meet the nutritional requirements of the FDA's Infant Formula Act. No dilution is needed for babies under 12 months of age. Please follow label mixing instructions.<br /><br />Regarding the calcium and phosphorous content in Baby's Only Organic® formulas, calcium is an essential nutrient needed for bone health. The American Academy of Pediatrics Expert Panel for Nutrient Levels in Infant Formula has provided recommendations on the amount of calcium with the minimum per 100 Calories being 50 milligrams and the maximum being 140 milligrams per 100 Calories. Phosphorus is another important mineral for bone health. The Expert Panel has also recommended that the calcium to phosphorus ratio in an infant formula be no less than 1.1 or more than 2.0. Baby's Only Organic® falls within these ranges with our calcium at 135 milligrams per 100 Calories and a calcium to phosphorus ratio of 1.5.<br />Reference: Committee on Nutrition, Pediatric Nutrition Handbook, The American Academy of Pediatrics, 2009, pages 1245-1246.<br /><br />The balance between calcium and phosphorus is most important for bone development. The calcium to phosphorus ratio in both Baby's Only Organic® formula and Enfamil NextStep is 1:5. Thus, Baby's Only Organic® formulas provide an appropriate ratio of calcium and phosphorus for toddlers and an appropriate overall quantity of calcium and phosphorus.<br /><br />Regarding our Baby's Only Essentials® DHA/ARA supplement, The DHA utilized in our Baby's Only Essentials® DHA & ARA supplement is sourced from egg yolk phospholipids. You are probably aware that most often an egg allergy is caused by the egg white rather than the yolk. Additionally, it is the protein component of foods that usually elicit an allergic reaction. Because we use the phospholipids (not protein) from the egg yolk, there is only a very minute chance that an allergic response will ensue.<br /><br />If your child has a history of allergies, we highly recommend that you consult your child's healthcare provider.<br /><br />DHA is also found naturally in other foods, including oily fish like trout, sardines, tuna and salmon and the yolk of eggs. Dietary ARA is available from animal meats, dairy foods, eggs, peanuts and nori seaweed. As your child increases the variety of foods in her diet, you can include some of these foods in her diet. Other natural sources of DHA would include fish oil or fish oil supplements. Unfortunately, it is difficult to insure that these are free from mercury or other environmental toxins. But, also remember that these fatty acids can be formed from dietary linoleic and linolenic acids (nuts, seeds, grains legumes, vegetables and their cold-pressed oils). By including good sources of high quality fats in the diet, your child will easily be able to meet her specific needs<br /><br />Most egg allergies are a result of ingestion of egg white; egg yolk allergies are rare.<br /><br />Proteins are the component of foods that cause allergic reactions. Egg allergy is usually due to the proteins in the egg white. These protein allergens are: ovomucoid, ovalbumin, ovotransferrin; lysozyme, and ovomucin.<br /><br />However, there can be a rare situation of egg yolk allergy. The literature to date usually associates egg yolk allergy to a reaction triggered by inhaled bird allergen, referred to as Bird-egg syndrome. This is a very rare syndrome.<br /><br />Egg allergy can also be seasonal. Oak pollen, short and western ragweed and the goosefoot family of weeds may cross react with eggs when these pollens are in season.<br /><br />The estimated point prevalence of egg allergy in children is 1.6% by 2.5 years of age. (1) Again, egg white is usually the cause of an egg allergy. Most children outgrow an allergy to eggs by 5 years of age.<br /><br /> (1) Eggesbo M, Botten G, Halvorsen R, Magnus P, "The prevalence of allergy to egg: a population-based study in young children," Allergy 56; 5:403<br /><br />I hope this information is helpful to you. Thank you for your interest in Baby's Only Organic® formulas. Please let me know if you have additional questions.<br /><br />Sincerely,<br /><br />Lori<br />Nature's One Inc.<br />[...]<br />[...]<br />Toll Free [...]
HANDS DOWN the best formula on the market.  Sadly, my breast milk dried up so I had to fine a formula.  My poor son has so many GI, stomach, gas, crying, reflux, etc issues.  We were on Alimentum for over a month.  We even tried the ready to eat b/c I heard it was corn free.  I also tried the hypoallergenic version by Enfamel.  Nothing made him better.<br /><br />After researching DHA/ARA...I found some scary things.  Basically, it is made by using chemicals.  There are some babies that have had a horrible reaction to this b/c of the toxins.  You can google it.  Anyway, I found this organic formula that didn't have it in it (you can buy DHA/ARA seperate made from eggs organically and no chemicals).  I was nervous...b/c my son had so many issues...I didn't want to make it worse.  But I tried it!  Seriously, it has changed my son's life!  He is a completely different baby!  I no longer even give him acid reflux meds anymore...I mean of course it is still there...but that is how much better it is.  My son has been on this since he was 6 weeks.  I know it says toddler, but if you go to their site it is FDA approved for infants.  They say toddler b/c they fully support breast feeding for the first year.  It has the same cals, fats, nutrients, vit, minerals pretty much as the other leading brands...it's just organic...no DHA/ARA..and they don't use corn syrup.  Seriously, try this formula!
I can't believe I am the first to review this great product.<br /><br />We have been using <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001BM4JLC">Earth's Best Organic Infant Formula with Iron, 25.75-Ounce Canister</a> (which is also a great product) up until our little started showing signs of lactose intolerance. After consulting with the pediatrician, we started searching for a suitable alternative.<br /><br />Whilst Soy formulas are being offered as the "lactose free" alternative by many, our first preference was "non-soy" alternative. We also wanted a natural & organic product, free of those nasty chemicals and ingredients. After a considerable amount of research and shopping around, we found this was the best choice out in the market that was both lactose free and natural/organic.<br /><br />Our little one also took to this formula very well and doing a lot better on this formula.
You can find this 6-pack for $40 dollars less at diapers.com.  No reason they should be charging this much.
Our 9 month old originally was spitting up a lot. We had him 1st on Similac regular, then went to Similac Sensitive and finally to Similac Soy.  The soy did the trick. He was on similiac soy for the past 6 months. When the Similac recall went through, my wife became disgusted with Similac and suggested we try a new brand. I was reluctant but did so anyway.  We reminded ourselves that as babies get older, they become less fussy, less gassy and maybe they don't need SOY anymore if that's what they were used to. So I went to my local Whole Foods store and bought the Lactose Free Baby's only formula. AN instant hit !!!!! My son loves it ! Seriousely. He gobbles it down...all 6 oz in once shot. Before with the similac soy, he would have to take a break in between.  My wife actually tasted the milk and said it is delicious compared to similac soy.  Well, if adults like it, I am sure babies would too !  I am very happy thus far with our choice. We were going to get Natures Best, but read that the way they extract their DHA is not ideal. Glad I realized that.  So far so good ! We always thought that our baby would be stuck with SOY formula...thank's to the similac recall and some good old fashioned parent intuition, we realized that is NOT the case.  I am happy about that since SOY can cause some hormonal problems.....babies and adults alike.  Thank you Baby's only for making an excellent product !
When my daughter was an infant, she was allergic to something in my breastmilk and was put on Neocate which worked wonders for her allergic colitis.  For my son, we were therefore very careful when it came time to picking out a formula to supplement breastmilk.  His stomach does react when I have accidentally had more dairy than I can tolerate so my pediatrician recommended a lactose free formula, especially given our Asian background.  I wanted something organic, not soy, lactose free, and with as clean of a label as possible and this formula fulfills all of those criteria.  My son didn't like it at first, but now he switches easily between breastmillk and formula.  He has not been gassy nor spit up on it.  I really wish Amazon stocked it.
I love pasta, but it does not love me.  I just don't seem to be able to digest it.  But this pasta, not only tastes great, it is so easy to digest.  And, as an added bonus, it is healthy & low in calories.  I have now tried every version of this pasta & they are all amazing.  Some reviewers complained that the pasta is too firm, but that is not the case.  You simply need to cook it a bit longer than regular pasta & then it is light as a feather. Because of how wonderful it tastes & because it is so light, you would think that you were eating homemade pasta.  Almost hard to beleive that this stuff comes out of a box! :-)
I eat this pasta every day, without guilt. I love this pasta. I maintain my desired weight without any problem. You have to cook this pasta a little longer than normal pasta, but it is every bit as good.
Each box is 8oz and usually I make 8oz mixed with some lean protein for a meal for both my husband and I, and if we have leftovers, it's rare.  This time however, I had half of it leftover only b/c we felt full and couldn't eat anymore.  I wonder if this is b/c of the high amt of fiber. Whatever, this morning my hubby tells me he's down 3 lbs. too.  I'm jealous. Also, I've been on an eating binge almost 2 weeks, always feeling unsatiated. Last night I had no strong urges to eat snacks.  I ate an apple more out of habit to eat something than b/c I was truly hungry. I won't say this is the outcome for everyone, but I thought I'd share.  I'm using the leftover pasta in my bean soup tonight. I'd like to eventually try the different varieties of shapes of pasta now, too.
I love this stuff and only get it through Amazon.  It arrived on time and good condition and I enjoy it.
Just a quick note... a very good friend of mine who also battles weight issues and love pasta turned me on to this product.  We bought a box at Whole Foods and I was impressed by the taste but especially by the low calories and high fiber content.  Amazingly it's about 40% cheaper at Amazon than at Whole Foods, and being an Amazon Prime customer saved me on shipping.<br />I'll be back for more soon.  I love quality and a bargain.
Love this pasta.  I mix this with regular pasta for a meal, half and half.  Love the lower calories and the fiber content.
My husband and I have been on a low carb diet for two years and I miss pasta most of all. We've tried other low carb pastas and weren't crazy about them, but we loved Fiber Gourmet. The taste is midway between white and whole wheat pasta. Unlike other low carb pastas, we didn't experience any side effects in terms of digestive issues (if you know what I mean). I can't wait to try other products from Fiber Gourmet.
Love this pasta.  Does cook up a little firm, cooked it a bit longer. Had it with pesto very good.  My husband could not tell the difference so I know it is good.  He is very fussy.
Wow ... this pasta tastes just like the real thing unlike the brands labeled as whole wheat pasta. I tried them many times and simply could not get the same pasta-eating experience.  I eat half the box at a time, which is about 4 ozs, and it's so filling I can't eat more if I wanted. It keeps me satiated all night. I don't even get the urge to snack. This is like a miracle to me.  Even my children who are the absolute pickiest eaters in the world love this pasta and will eat it in substitute for the "real" (and unhealthy) alternative. The other reviews are absolutely correct in that you should cook it 2 - 5 minutes longer than you would cook other pasta or even what the box says.  I'm not sure if Amazon will like this comment, but it is much cheaper on the Fiber Gourmet web site at about double the amount for the same price on the day I am writing this review.
I am on a low carb diet and have lost 25 pounds.  I was so tired of eating meat all the time but too nervous to splurge on pasta until I came across this product on Amazon.  I cook it a minute or two longer than the directions and top it with full fat Greek yogurt and parm cheese and one serving is so filling and yummy.  Definitely cures my cravings and am now on subscribe and save.  My hubby and son love it too!
I don't know how they do it but this product is too good to be true.  Half the calories of regular pasta!! Wow.
Great product.  Recommended by Dr. Oz.  We love pasta but not the calories.  This is much better than whole wheat.
I brought a box with me to visit my daughter and family.<br />We all enjoyedjthe fiber gourmet light penne  very much.
First of all, it is wonderful to have these pods delivered to my door free of charge.  On auto delivery, they are cheaper than the cheapest Senseo pods that I have found (Target/Walmart).  But check out the weight of coffee per Senseo pod vs. this particular Baronet coffee pod.  Not all Baronet pods are this weight, however, so check out the products carefully.  I guess I had better mention that the coffee flavor is great!  One order is for three boxes of these pods.
These pods are so much better than the Senseo pods!  At 10 grams, these pods are packed with more coffee than the Senseo pods, making for a better, stronger, more flavorful cup of coffee.  I use these in my Melitta One-One.  Also love that each pod is individually packaged, so they stay fresh.  They come in a stand-up box dispenser which is nice too.  I can't understand the other reviewer here who didn't like the coffee - I love this decaf!  It really is the best pod I've found.  Also the value here can't be beat.  Comes 3 boxes in each order, so in each order you get 54 pods!  And Baronet has so many flavors.  Do check on the other Baronet flavors, though, because all the Baronet pods are not 10 grams, and all the pods don't come individually packaged.  Stick to the 10 gram, individually packaged pods, you won't be disappointed.  I get three different Baronet coffee pod flavors, all on auto-delivery.  Highly recommend.  Yum.
I am enjoying this coffee but the vanilla is a little overpowering.  The strength of the coffee itself is very good.  I can use one packet to make 2- 4 oz. cups with the Senseo coffee maker so it definitely saves me money.  Plus, it is just so easy to make coffee and clean up in the morning!
I had been using <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000UBH9YE">Senseo Decaffeinated Coffee, 18-Count Pods (Pack of 6)</a> in my <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0043XYLAA">Hamilton Beach Personal Cup Stay or Go POD Brewer</a>. Although the Senseo coffee is very good, I wanted some variety. This is what I found and its excellent. The vanilla flavor is rich and most importantly, leaves no after taste. I drink tall cups, 16 oz, so what I am doing is using 1 of each type. The vanilla is strong enough that it still tastes great. The Senseo decaf is a little cheaper, so I do that as a cost saving measure. I also signed up for Subscribe and Save to further reduce cost.  If you like vanilla coffee and have a pod brewer, I am confident you will love this coffee.
So many different flavors to choose from.  I ordered this brand for the first time and the taste is wonderful.  It was the only decaf french vanilla I could find.  I have decided to switch from my old brand to this one.
This by far the best pudding mix, you don't see this on the store shelves.. Everyone seems to just buy milk chocolate pudding.. and I guess most don't like to cook pudding on the stove, it is best when pudding is cooked cooked.. Instant pudding does not equal this..  Carl
We've been searching everywhere locally for this putting.  I was so elated to find it on Amazon.  This is the only pudding my mother made her chocolate pies with and now the tradition continues.  Thank you so much Amazon!!!
My honey has a serious sweet tooth, which I accommodate by preparing him a weekly dessert. Martha White's Muffin Mix is very convenient to prepare because it only requires one-half cup of milk, which I toss into my cuisinart; and wah-la six beautiful muffins with virtually no prep time. They are moist, delicious, and economic.
i followed the easy instructions and these turned out delicious. i ate them all. there were only 6 of them. i mixed 1/2 cup of milk into the dry mix and slowly mixed it together. i poured the mix into my sprayed cast iron 6 cup muffin pan. i cooked them in my small convection oven and they cooked up nicely. they were moist on the inside. the mixes were very fresh smelling and had a freshness date well into 2013. the pouch is a nice tough plastic one and will keep the mix fresh. it is very easy to open also.
WE LOVE LOVE LOVE these muffins. They are moist and delicious !! We like them best the day you bake them. The 2nd day they do dry out a bit but are wonderful if you pop them in the toaster oven for a few min to warm them up, then they are good as new. Our only complaint is that they are DIFFICULT to find !! BUT DEF Worth every penny !!
This was my first time purhcasing muffin mix as well as baking muffins.  To me the muffins came out a little dry, but tasted great and the people I shared them with said they were good too.  I will, more than likely, purchase Marth White Muffin Mix in the future.  The muffin mix came at an excellent price and I can't complain.<br />Thank you Amazon.com for having most everything under the sun for sale.
I brought 2 bottles.  One I carry in my pocket and the other for home.  I fell in love with this while on vacation in Belize.  Just a couple drops does the trick.  Packs a ton of flavor, but not too hot that it overpowers your food.
Good product and decent shipping. However, the price was $15.95 and I later found the same item in a local store for $6.95. What a gouge.
The Taste of Thai Coconut Ginger Noodles are really yummy! The coconut and ginger flavors are very mild.<br /><br />Each recloseable, Chinese-takeout-shaped box conveniently serves as a microwaveable container. One box makes enough for me to have 2 very filling lunches or for my whole family to share as a side dish. (The kids always lunge at the opportunity to have these!)<br /><br />The only negative thing I can say is that I wish there weren't so many separate little seasoning packets to mix in (3, plus the noodles); a single combined spice packet would be easier. (Of course, one benefit of multiple packets is the ability to leave out a certain spice if you're not fond of it, but I like them all!)
Provided you use clean (preferably purified) water to cook this, it can be a great tasting hold over to a main meal. Far superior to most instant noodle packages out there and for the most part, gluten and meat free (except for the shrimp flavor).<br /><br />While some people have remarked on the "over-sized" packaging, this actually allows for a good and thorough mixing of the flavor packets and noodles with little chance of spillage.<br /><br />While the coconut ginger variety tastes good, it may be a bit too subtle for those looking for an actual "taste of THAI." I'd recommend the Thai Peanut noodles for those seeking something with a bit more of a pronounced Thai flavor and highly recommend The A Taste Of Thai Peanut Salad Dressing (added to salads, meats or the Peanut Noodles) for a very spicy Thai experience.<br /><br />Overall for the taste and quantity, the subscribe and save offer provides the best deal. Comparatively speaking in terms of price, Wal-Mart offers most of these noodles a few cents cheaper (compared to the subscription price) but do not seem to carry the Coconut Ginger Variety. At least not at the store near me.<br /><br />If you haven't tried this brand of instant noodles yet, I think you'll be in for a treat.
I really like this soup.  It is mild and I don't like anything that is to hot.  IT is just right.  Has a good flavor and is something I can take to work and pop in the microwave. I would buy it again and again.
This is quick, easy and portable, and I think it tastes great! It's my favorite flavor.
It's very tasty and very easy to make.  If you're in need of a very quick, filling meal and it needs to be gluten free, this works out great.  Try the Thai Peanut one, too.
We ordered a pack of these and ate through them very quickly! My husband and I both like taking them to work for lunch. Here's my recipe, so that I get more protein: I slip a fresh unbroken egg into the box before I leave home in the morning, then I add the egg to the water before I cook it at lunchtime.
Very tasty gluten-free option.  My kids loved it as it wasn't too spicy.
The Thai Coconut Ginger Noodles are quick and easy to prepare. You will be rewarded with delicious noodles to enjoy by yourself or share as a side dish with another noodle enjoyer.
I liked this so much that I re-ordered and will keep<br /><br />re-ordering.
This is a great and delicious way to eat Thia food at home.  Just "melt" the entire packet (if you like it spicy) into two cans of coconut milk in a pan.  Then add your favorite meat and veggies.  I usually use chicken strips and a bag of frozen asian veggies.
While the restaurants always do it best, these curry pastes are pretty tasty. It's easy to use,  fast, and you can add the meat and veggies of your choice. For those of you scared of something spicy, you might use a little less, but for most, it's just right, and for those that like it spicier, you can add a little crushed red pepper. Since the coconut milk has to be added separately, you can also control the fat content--you can go light or go with the much yummier, creamy stuff. I find the green curry is a little sweeter than the red and panang curries, and is maybe a little less spicy.
Much hotter than your normal green curry. One pack makes many servings.
Used to use another brand (that changed), in a jar, but this is so much better! Has a very pleasing hot spicy taste with a hint of lemon/lime and a good amount of heat. It is a little too salty though, if you like to use a fair amount to "spice it up". We wish it had a lower sodium content. While, made from scratch with fresh ingredients is always better; this is the next best thing! Really good with chicken, beef, pork, tofu and veggie dishes. Quick and easy to make good-for-you meals. We don't like the packaging and wish it were in a jar, but other than that and the sodium content, we like it. Will buy again!
Second order.  Very good, hot which I like but best to sample as per your preferences.
I was really impressed with this.  There are many flavors, and quite a bit of heat.  With this and your favorite brand of cocunut milk you can make some great Thai curries at home.
Different flavors for different people.  Not everyone is going to like this just as others, like me, will love this coffee.<br /><br />It's totally subjective.<br /><br />I give it 5 stars.  I enjoy this coffee a lot and the price is very reasonable, in my opinion.  It matches my local big box grocery store.
I was at a 5 star hotel and was served this tea during a meeting.  It was fantastic.  I asked the server if they could get me the name of the company, but they were unable.  Thank goodness for Amazon I was able to find it.  It's the best I have had in many years.  It arrived on time and very securely packed.
I totally love this tea.  It brews to a beautiful reddish color.  It is very aromatic and beautiful to look at.  It could be potpourri.  I love the sachets it comes in - very elegant.  I just bought my third canister of it this morning.  I have everyone at my office and my friends loving it, too!  Best with honey pearls also sold by White Lion Tea.  And it's organic!
This stuff rocks!!! I've had it at two different spas and I just love it. It's tart and really unusual. A real treat.
This is my husband's new favorite tea! I'm not huge on hibiscus but this does taste good. I'm sure we'll be buying more.
Nice tea. I can steep up too 3 times. It has a strong cranberry flavor. Probably would be good as a cold tea. I recommend if you LOVE cranberry.
I found this tea 5 years ago, while staying at a Spa Resort in Washington.<br /><br />I absolutely love it! It's herbal, and helps me to relax with its very flavorful taste and color. Great for colds, as well as clearing the sinus. Soothing, beautiful, and delicious!<br /><br />I have ordered this tea every year, from Amazon.com, because the price is amazing, and well worth it. Likewise, I've given it to others as a gift, when I can afford to.<br /><br />This tea is wonderful with honey, sugar, sweetener, or just by itself! A must purchase for every household. Also great for on-the-road, for tea drinkers.
Love it, love it, love it!  Both me and my 10 year old drink this herbal tea quite often.  Very tasty!
This is very good tea in an elegant sachet. A little pricier than some but produces a wonderful flavor whether you're drinking it hot or cold.
My doggie really likes Newman's Organic better than some other dog foods pet and big-box stores sell. My budget doesn't like Newman's Organic as much as Harmony Farms. It's the compromise that keeps the doggie AND my budget happy.  Because he eats it heartily, I don't worry that he's getting enough high quality food.  Otherwise he won't eat his food and he'll graze in the trash seeking egg shells and bones to fill the void.<br /><br />There's no barfing, digestion problems or accidents. High Quality food means good digestion, a shiny coat, high energy, bright eyes and a good attitude WITHOUT tons of additional elixers, treats or vet bills. A definite cost effective WIN:WIN for doggie AND me.<br /><br />I've had great results with Newman's Dog Food that I orderd through Amazon BUT there's 5 pounds LESS for about the same price.<br /><br />Psst I'm not an organic fanatic, it's the nutritional value that counts for my fur baby and human kids!<br /><br />Update 3/26/2011: Noticed this has jumped to almost THIRTY BUCKS, will opt for Newman's Organic when the costs per pound are the same...my dog likes BOTH Harmony and Newman, my budget likes the one most cost effective at the time of purchase :)<br /><br />Update 5/17/2012: Last batch Of Harmony Farms I ordered had a rancid oil smell when I opened the bag and the pooch wouldn't eat it as readily as he has in the past. He wouldn't eat for a day and started checking out the trash. I subsequently purchased some canned and pouch foods, cooked brown rice etc as mix-ins to "encourage" him to make it through this pricey bag. Not sure how this is stored before it arrives to my home, BUT the Texas heat can make anything stale/rancid/yucky quickly. I probably should have called Customer Service but felt the replacement would have the same issue due to the HOT weather here. Definitely exploring hot weather alternatives.
A few years back, prompted by the death of one of our dogs due to an inoperable brain tumor, I switched my dogs to foods without corn.  I was convinced, right or wrong, that my animal died needlessly because of an over usage of steriods prescribed to cure her constant ear infections.  I believe, again right or wrong, that the recurring ear infections were caused by an allergy to corn...which turned out to be the main ingredient in her food!  Sorry, I'll get off my soapbox and address the issue at hand...I found this food by accident.  The only type the store had was the weight loss formula.  Turns out my dogs love it!  I haven't seen them so spunky and full of energy.  I've got a coon hound and two jack russells (mine are not the "bounce off the wall kind", mine are mellow, laid back kinda dudes!)  They gobble this stuff up and seem to stay full...no more begging in the kitchen than normal! Everyone's skin seems smoother, eyes are brighter, heck, I think I'll go have a bowl!  All I can say, is if you are looking for a good quality dog food, this is the one for you.  YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!
I have a 2 year old Portuguese Water Dog who always seemed to have a sensitive stomach, and a 15 year old Shepherd X dog who was beginning to lose weight, she slept almost all the time, and she was getting very fussy about what she'd eat. (I believe that with a dogs sense of smell they KNOW exactly what is in their food; however they have no choice but to eat what we feed them...just Google what is in most commercial dog foods, and you'll see why your dog may not be thrilled to eat it up...if a dog can detect cancer in a person, they can detect all sorts of other things that aren't supposed to be eaten.) Anyway...I used to feed Purina lamb and rice to my dogs, but I was finding my young Porty was having trouble with it, and my 15 yr old would eat a few bits and then leave her dish. So, I started making their food, and came up with a wonderfully nutritious and tasty recipe. The dogs loved my homemade dog food, and my 15 yr old began putting on weight again, but I didn't always have time to make their food. And, homemade dog food is kind of hard on the wallet. So, I started to research all the natural dog foods out there, compare costs etc. I arrived on Harmony Farms, and guess what...my dogs LOVE it just as much as they love my home made dog food. My young Porty no longer has stomach troubles and she looks great; my 15 yr old finishes her meals and looks for more. Both have shiny coats and energy. No one can believe my old girl is 15 years old. I have told my friends about Harmony Farms dog food, and when they've switched over, they've reported similar positive results. My brother-in-law's dog had always been a very fussy eater, and had skin problems with a thinning coat. When they started to feed her Harmony Farms, she became an eager eater, more happy and outgoing, and her skin and coat condition has completely cleared up (...I'm thinking she had an allergy to whatever was in her other food, which I think was Iams). Other friends have commented on how happy their dogs are at meal time now...and they had all been feeding their dogs premium, top of the line dogs foods AND paying top of the line prices. Harmony Farms products are very reasonably priced. Not the cheapest dog food on the shelf, but, in my opinion, you are buying the best quality food on the market, so it's an incredibly GOOD DEAL! It may also mean you make fewer trips to the veterinarian's office. I and my friends are so happy we have found this food for our dogs. :)
My co-worker that does animal rescue brought in a 'Whole Dog Journal' recently and I was astounded at the feature article for that month which covered dog foods, I had been feeding my dog Beneful which is basically just junk food.  I switched her off immediately, hunted around on Amazon to find an all natural food and this fit the bill, shipping was free which was awesome and my dog LOVES the food, I worried about that b/c I've switched her before and she's been uninterested and I've had to top with gravy, etc.<br /><br />Do your research, it will blow your mind what your pets are eating in regular grocery store dog food, it's typically a high ratio of corn which is a filler.  If you want your pet to live a long and healthy life what they're ingesting should be high up on your list.  I'm glad to have the knowledge now and I really wish I'd looked more into this with my two other dogs years and years ago.
No more heavy grocery bags for me -- I've just ordered my first bag of Harmony Farms dog food -- and it was delivered to my door by UPS.  The food is excellent quality -- I bought this product based on its healthy ingredients; the dogs love it and I love Amazon for making it so easy to buy!<br /><br />July 2010 - one of my dogs has had bouts of inflammatory bowel disease:  previously she had to have special food from my vet (Royal Canaan Duck & Potato for the past 4+years) -- She has tolerated, even thrived on, the Harmony Farms food w/o any problems. Each bag of Harmony Farms is about $20 cheaper than the Royal Canaan.  Hard to fight.  I am a believer.<br /><br />The canned food is great, too.<br /><br />September 2011 -- my dog who has had inflammatory bowel disease in the past (verified by surgery) has never felt better -- she is a wire and has the energy of a 2 yr old dog (she is 7); she is not on any daily medication.  This HEALTHY WEIGHT FORMULA has helped her to thrive.  Enough protein, not too much fat seem to do the trick. I highly recommend it.
I was using Castor and Pollux from Amazon for my dog and I decided to try something different.  My dog dug into this dog food right away!  It has helped to maintain her rough coat so that it is softer and smoother.  And this food really helps keep her weight at a healthy level.<br /><br />I catch my cat sneaking over to my dog's food bowl and eating this food, too.  I have to look into getting her some Harmony Farms!  I can do this because Harmony Farms is really good quality food that is affordable.
I just ordered this, came today and thought I would just try it, well to my amazement,My little Daisy ate it and wanted more.My little Dog is just 8 yrs but has trouble with Flare-ups with her pancreas, I have to avoid fats and corn with her and she needs more fiber. I have been making her dog food ,but she missed eating the dry,I wondered if it was small enough for her to chew , but it was.
Had been feeding my 3 hounds Purina One (which they liked) and thought I'd try this since it's not much more and I liked the ingredients. They LOVE it and I plan to order more in the future!
Everyone should know this is a healthier dog food than walmart brands, like purina, iams, or god forbid moist & meaty. Ingredients like ground flax seed, peas, whole carrots, whole sweet potatoes, apples, blueberries and probiotics and the lack of sweeteners, by-products, and low-quality corn show this to be true.<br /><br />I just did a taste test with this harmonic farms and my dogs old iams ProActive Health and decided to make the results known. I let him smell both thoroughly without letting him eat at first, and placed the two piles a bit apart. He immediately went for the harmonic farms, finished it and didn't even look at the iams before coming back to me wagging his tail hoping for more.<br /><br />Dogadvisor.com made me aware of my past mistakes in dog food choices and I was hoping to god he would not shy away from the healthy organic stuff like I do. To my great welcome surprise, he didn't! I guess he's a hippie at heart. I on the other hand, will take my nachos bell grande.
Our ten year old doxie...Annie NEVER, that's right, NEVER would eat ANY dry food UNTIL....Harmony Farms Healthy & Holistic Chicken & Brown Rice Adult Dog Food that we bought from you! Every day we are in shock when she finishes each and every nugget of this dry dog food! Amazon...you are truly amazing and we are so grateful that we bought this 17.5 pound bag of Harmony Farms Dog food from you...we'll be ordering again and again from you as soon as we head towards the end of the current bag.  Wow! So happy about this...
Harmony Farms produces EXCELLENT dog food products!  Our 8 month soft-coated wheaten terrier is sensitive to gluten, corn meal and other products generally found in the popular  brands.  We were preparing to take him to the vet at about 4 months old b/c he had great difficulty eliminating -- to the point of whining as he would attempt to go.  After more research on the breed we purchased Harmony Farms at a local store -- it was expensive but quickly resolved our puppy's digestive issues.  After 5-8 days on only Harmony Farms products our puppy was happy and healthy!<br /><br />I was so happy to find Harmony Farms on Amazon!  It is more economical AND delivered right to our door.  Our puppy, Connor, eats only Harmony Farms dog food and treats and is a much happier puppy now. Definitely recommend it for soft-coated wheaten terriers and other breeds that have difficulty digesting the popular brands.
Wish I would have known a long time ago what a difference this dog food makes. My 6 year old Jack Russell has always had the worst shedding problem and I recently read that excessive is a sign of poor nutrition (was feeding her P*urina dog chow). She's only been on this dog food for two weeks and I can noticeably tell a difference in the shedding! She loves the taste and I love the price for such a good quality dog food.
When I purchased the Harmony Farms Healthy Weight Formula, I had a Mini Dachshund and Jack Russel Terrier.  Both of them love it.  I have added a Shih Tzu to my pack and she loves it, also.  I would highly recommend it to others.  The kibble is just the right size for small dogs.
The main ingredients in this dog food are so much better than the ingredients in the common grocery store brands, and it tends to be less expensive than specialty brands.  My dog's coat looks shiny and he seems much healthier since we switched to this food about a year ago.  The other nice thing is that Target sells this brand, so if you ever find yourself at the end of the bag and you haven't ordered more in time, you can stop by Target.
I am very pleased with this dog food. My sheltie has a good coat and good movements with Harmony Farms. Does much better with this food than others. He is a very picky eater, so I do add chicken and he will eat. We will stick with Harmony Farms. I also like the bag, it helps keep the food fresh.
My dog loves this food, and she has maintained her healthy weight for many years.  The vet is very happy with her general health, coat, and teeth.  Having the 16lb bag sent directly to my home without any shipping charges is terrific!  The 16 lb. size is not available in my area.
While on a family camping trip with Josh our 8yr old Golden, we ran out of dog food. Stopped at a Wegman's market in Erie PA to shop for a quality food. Settled on the Harmony Farm's chicken. Josh liked it right away.<br />We've been mixing it with his normal food (Canidae).<br />He's very healthy and playful, his coat is shiny. He's a happy pup.
My dog loves, loves  this dog food.I had to say love twice, because this dog food is one of his dog's favorite.
I have purchased this product once before from Amazon.  It was delivered promptly and in tact.  This is the only food our dog will eat and we used to purchase it at PetSmart in New York but in Arizona, it is no where to be found.  This food is holistic and has no unnatural products at all.  We try to give our dog good quality dog food and this was it.  So now we go through Amazon and our dog is quite happy.  Bought a double amount to receive free shipping.  It was a very good deal.
I have a nearly 1 year old golden retriever/standard poodle mix, and a 6 year old german shepherd. The doodle gets the chicken and  brown rice (just switched her a few weeks ago from Nutro Max) and the shepherd gets the healthy weight. I have tried several different foods for the doodle, and many of them caused problems like diarrhea and stinky, stinky farts. With this, while switching from the Nutro Max, she had none of those problems. In fact, I only took 5 days to switch her instead of 2 or so weeks, and she didn't have any digestive problems. Both dogs seem to like it and it is definitely cost effective... several dollars cheaper at my local Wegman's and there are always coupons in the paper. This is a very high quality food for the price, and I like that it's available at the grocery store as I live in a small town. I highly recommend this food and hope to feed it exclusively for as long as my doggies shall live!
My dogs have been eating this brand for a few years now and having found it available through Amazon I am able to save money per pound and trips to the store. It arrives promptly and is the same quality as always. Harmony Farms is much easier to digest and healthier than most commercial foods. LOVE IT!
I purchased this because of the good reviews and the great ingredients. No doubt about the quality of the food and my 5 month old dachuhund puppy loves it. But I realized this doesn't have DHA that helps to develop cognitive brain function. Also the kibble might be little big for a puppy. So I believe it's a great food for an adult dog, but I wouldn't recommend it for a puppy.
This dog food satisfies both of my dogs and they have had no digestion problems or skin issues , as they have had with other brands.  They both have maintained healthy weights and glossy coats on this food. I have been very pleased with the automated delivery service.
Since I live in a rural area sometimes I'd drive to town just for dog food...needless to say that was expensive.  For $26 w/free-shipping the Harmony Farms is cheaper than the purchasing the lower quality "name-brands" - my dog likes the food and his skin is not as dry & flaky. I love getting it shipped directly and that my dog is eating something healthy.  Very thankful it's something I can afford as well.  Only wish Amazon offered a 'subscription service' for this item like they do on others.
I am always pleased with the variety of shopping items, that I find on Amazon.com.<br />I have never been disatified with my purchases through Amazon.com.<br />When searchomg for things, even dog food, I automatically go to Amazon.com<br />before any other site. Rarely do I chose another site.  Amazon.com<br />really rocks.  Thanks for being there!<br />J.Meadows, Syracuse, NY
I just switched my 11 and a half year old Boxer to this food and it is awesome! She switched over no problems with no weaning off her old food. It has cut her gas down and has been so easy on her stomach. It also tastes so good to her that she will eat it without wet food mixed in. I wish I had found this food 11 years ago. It is great and we will switch our Boxer puppy to it when it is time. Also...very affordable:)
In my opinion, this is the best food for dogs.  My boyfriend is an avid researcher, and he concluded this is the bet food for dogs on all accounts - taste (the dogs love it), health-wise (it has healthy fats, and the first and main ingredient is meat as opposed to ingredients such as corn) and digestion-wise (the dogs get diarrhea when they eat human food or any other dog food).  We have two dogs we adopted from a shelter, and while at first, one of our dogs would not eat the food (he had worms though, so who knows what junk he was eating before), he soon began to understand that is what we were going to feed him and very soon, he came to love it.  Now they jump when it's dinner time!  Our dogs are happy, very healthy, have shiny coats, and a large part of this is due to this fantastic dog food.  We get it on Subscribe and Save and we usually go through 1 bag p/ month - for reference, we have one 15lb Bichon and one Alaskan husky.
I have 2 husky/shepherd mixes. The first is 13 months and has a finicky stomach - if he eats too fast, drinks too fast, or eats anything out of his routine, he would bring it back up. He also wouldn't eat more than a few nibbles at a time. The 2nd is 7 months old and came to us with severe diarrhea (vet's food didn't fix it either). He would eat anything and everything if we let him. Within a day of both dogs being on Harmony Farms (No fasting, just a quick switch), both dogs digestive issues are gone. My oldest (the finicky eater) is healthily eating his meals without pause or hesitation. My youngest has solid, regular bathroom breaks and has been able to relax his water intake as a result. They're both more relaxed.<br />We purchase at our local grocery store (Hannaford here in NY) for about $1.31/lb. For the price, ingredients, and results - you can't beat it.
These chips are wonderful.  My kids and I all loved the salt and pepper.<br />Each .8 oz bag was 100 calories, lots of chips for the calorie count.
Great packaging, and item is just as described. Will purchase this item again. They were shipped very fast, and efficient.
Just to give a little background - I ordered these because they were a great deal for a box of single serving chips and I thought I would give them a try.  The variety of flavors in this package was great and I enjoy most of them.  These chips leave a lot less mess than your average bags of potato chips and there are very few crumbs in the bag.  It is apparent these are not prepared like normal chips and the result is a differently textured chip.  It will be a personal taste as to whether or not you will like the taste and texture, but, I would highly recommend trying these out.
Got this item on a one-day-only sale on Amazon.  Love having the single-serving portion as I am following WW plan.  Only 3 points plus per serving.  Tasty and on the same line as the Special K crackers.  The variety is nice to have and the box will last for awhile.  Cheddar and BBQ are my favorites.  Try them...
I discovered Pop Chips awhile back and fell in love with the BBQ flavor- whole lotta flavor and satisfying snack or chip alternative. Hubby is a teacher, so he gets lunches made most days with healthier and tastier options than what is offered at school.<br /><br />Since I mix up his sandwiches offerings from week to week, I thought the variety pack would be different for him. He gets his crunchy fun and doesn't realize the Pop Chips aren't as bad for you than the reduced fat kettle chips he was getting. Score! Plain are fine, vinegar pack a tart punch and he really likes the salt and pepper flavor. Single serve size does leave you wanting more if consuming solo, but gives a good amount when enjoying with a sandwich.
I really liked these chips as did my entire family. I wish you could pick and choose the flavors in the variety pack. I would love to try the sweet potato and chili lime and leave the salt and pepper behind.
I like these Pop Chips a lot, but not all the flavors.  This variety pack makes a good sampler of the various flavors and then you can purchase the flavors you like.  These chips have strong flavor and are not greasy.  They are fairly filling and make a great snack.  They're pretty noisy (like most chips) so don't take 'em to the local theater!<br /><br />These came well packed and they are in stay fresh packaging.  I can attest that they do keep well for a pretty long time as I found a bag that had gotten pushed behind some other things, and after several months it still tasted fine.  ;)<br /><br />These are a pretty good size for a quick snack.  Quality has been consistent over several different batches.  I really like the texture and crunch, and love the lack of greasiness.
These tastes good. If it's not fried, not bad for you, and tastes good, then why not eat them? Of course, not a lot at once, but these are great healthier snacks.
I had only tried the barbeque and sea salt and vinegar flavors that were available at my local Target in 3oz. bags.  I am so glad that I bought this variety pack! Not only did I discover other flavors that I enjoy, but it's single serving size so it's better for portion control.  I love popchips, and I find them way more satisfying than ordinary potato chips!
I like these chips a lot! Now i have a whole 24 pack ! this is how i get my chips on while i Fish!
A while ago I got a bag of the BBQ at a store to go with my lunch and I loved these so when I was searching amazon and found these on subscribe and save I knew that this was something that I had to have for my lunches. I love the fact you get all the different flavors and as of yet I have not found a flavor I did not like. Being from England I am very picky about my flavors of chips or crisps as I would call them as there seems to be such limited flavors but this box gives me flavors I can't complain. I also love the fact that 5% fat is the fat content which just makes them an even better snack. My only issue now is that I have to fight my husband and son over them because they love them just as much as I do. I have now had to go to a box a month but even then I am not sure I can have enough for the month with the three of us eating them every chance we can.
Good flavorful chips - too bad the selection does not include jalape&ntilde;o or paramsan garlic. Packaging is difficult to open, but they fresh.
These are a great alternative to traditional greasy potato chips.  Great for people that are dieting but still craving a salty, crunchy snack.  They are light and crunchy and they taste really good. I was afraid they were going to be like the rice cakes and soy chips but they really taste good.  The original flavor reminds me a lot of the Munchos chips.  The original flavor and salt/vinegar are my favorite but they are all good.  My least favorite is the cheddar just because it is an overwhelming cheddar flavor (I don't like cheddar) but most people really like it. I have purchased these several times now and I will continue to do so.  I  highly recommend this product for anyone!
For all of you potato chips lovers who are trying to eat healthy, these chips are a great alternative!  No they are not like fried, but the flavor along with the calorie/fat benefits make this a great choice! I liked having the variety pack for the opportunity to see which flavors I would like. As it turns out, I like them all! But I do have my favorites (like BBQ, salt & vinegar, and plain) so being able to buy them singlularly is an added plus.  I have already placed two orders since my initial purchase!
I got these for my gf as she isn't supposed to eat any gluten.  All of the flavors taste great and they seem to be much healthier than regular potato chips.  If you are looking for a gluten-free snack, I highly recommend Popchips!
I like all the varieties except the salt and pepper.  They taste too much like black pepper and nothing else.  The others are very goodl<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001RVFDOO">Popchips 6-Flavor Variety Pack, 0.8-Ounce Single Serve Bags (Pack of 24)</a>
The products are wonderful and fresh!!  Everything reported about the chips is on target, and I would recommend them to others.  Amazon's services are fantastic!!
I really enjoy these low calorie chips.  They have a good flavor with a good crunch and are crisp.<br /><br />I was wondering if when ordering a case of these chips one could order their favorites and not the whole 6 flavors?  Say just 2 flavors if desired??<br /><br />Its a great product. don't stop manufacturing them.
These are really good tasting chips, they aren't too unhealthy so you can eat a fair amount. Love the flavoring.
I have been trying to find healthy snacks that taste good and boy have I found a great choice in PopChips!  These are a great healthier alternative for regular potato chips.  I love Special K cracker chips, but they only come in big bags.  I saw these and they are packaged the way I like (individual serving bags), so I gave them a try.  Now, I will never be without them!  They are sooooo good and there are a lot of chips in each bag.  Finally a good-tasting, healthier potato chip that I can enjoy!
I wasn't sure about these chips, but thought I would give them a try. These are tasty, crispy chips - and only 100 calories a bag! I like all the flavors included in the variety pack. I definitely will buy again.
These chips are very tasty,  Its a nice size serving and only 100 calories.  Good grab and go snack for busy Moms
The PopChips were great and they were fresh when they arrived. For the price, I wish there were more bags of chips for my bucks.
Aboulutely love Popchips!I first tried these healthy chips at a marathon i did in California. I like this variety pack because i got to try alot of the flavors ive never had.
This product was everything and more according to the advertisement.  I was totally satisfied with my purchase.  I recommend to everyone to purchase these chips from this site.
Popchips is a new product for me--ordered after seeing an ad in Weight Watchers magazine.  Loved the product.  Packing was perfect.  Shipping went fine.  No complaints with this order at all.  Probably will order again soon!
I have to watch my calories, but I tend to not be very successful if the food I eat is tasteless.  I have enjoyed all six flavors of these Popchips and feel great eating them at 100 calories per bag.  My favorites are Sour Cream & Onion and the Sea Salt and Vinegar flavors.  In fact, they're so good I just want to keep eating them; and have to resist opening a second bag, because that really defeats the purpose!  I like the variety pack and it's not a bad value.
The product is exactly what it is portrayed to be. Tasty (not yummy) but good. I received the product promptly. I ordered 2 cases and will eat every package.
I love these chips, they taste so good I am on a low cal diet and they are perfect. The individual bags keep you honest. Thank you PopChips
These are delicious.  My husband and I just love them.  Especially the BBQ and Salt and Vinegar flavors.  I like the individual packages.  It's a wonderful bargain when you get free shipping!
I'm a crunchaholic! I have to have something during the day to crunch! All other chips are so high in fat or sodium that it makes it very difficult to be eating healthy and still get my crunch on. PopChips is the answer and the individual bags are a great way to control your calories too! I highly recommend them all, but the salt and pepper are my least favorite!
These are the best snacks for me as I am a lap band patient.  They fill u up just enough and the small bags are perfect size
A dream for those on Weight Watchers who love potato chips. The individual serving bags of Pop Chips are only 3 points and taste delicious.
These are a Great size and healthy.  They satisfy the craving for something crisp and are reasonable calorie wise.
These chips are GREAT substitute for the usual high calorie ones offered!  I keep them on hand to aid in my weight loss venture.
I can't believe these are actually decent for you.  They taste awesome!  I love these chips, they have great crunch and a great amount of flavor.  I am addicted to these and so is my boyfriend (who hates anything that's healthy).  I recommend these to all my friends.  I'm on the auto refill program but keep having to reorder early since my bf keeps eating them all.
I am on weight watchers and these chips are only 3 points and they taste GREAT.  I like every kind,  I use the plain chips to dip with my salsa.  I would recomend these chips to everyone weight watchers or not.
This is a great product. I was a chip-a-holic and knew I needed to cut back on them. Then I was introduced to pop-chips.I have found my alternative. These chips are great! Low in fats but high in flavor. I purchsed a mixed case with multiple flavors and was not disappointed with any of them. Consider this product for your alternative to the high fat chips available everywhere. I am sure these will catch on and become a big hit.
Saw these in Whole Foods and thought they looked interesting. Didn't care for them instantly, but by the time the first bag as gone (I have a husband and kids), I was hooked. Wanted to try other flavors and this is a great way to do it. Personally, I like the plain and also the salt/pepper. My kids love all of them though and, while these aren't fruit/veggies, I feel better about giving these to them as opposed to standard chips.
We received our assorted single serve packs today. This is the first time we ordered Popchips. They taste so good. We are already down by 5 packets between adults and kids.<br />Please bear in mind that these chips will in no way compete with "regular" fried potato chips. The low calories per bag is very much a part of why they deserve 5 stars. I'm sure we will be ordering more. Yay to finding a new healthier snack alternative.
I wa hesitant about ordering this product simply because I never ordered snacks of the internet,  so after finally decided to order it. It arrived within 3 days! the flavor is awesome! just like what I hoped for! if you like health food or like potato chips but hate thinking about how oily they are after eating them then this product is for you! if you are happy with the regular potato chips and doesn't care about the the oil and calories then stay where you are! those chips have so much flavor! they kinda remind me of rice crackers but with flavor! I have lived in the U.K. for a while and one thing I have always missed is the crisps that I used to eat in U.K. those popchips reminded me of the taste of the crisps! I will be order those again!
I am a huge fan of Pop Chips. They had them at my grocery store, but their supply was dwindling, so I was afraid they weren't planning to order more. I purchased two cases (48 individual bags) of Pop Chips. They are all excellent. Purchasing them in the Variety Pack gave me access to flavors they didn't have at the grocery store (salt and vinegar, cheddar, salt and pepper). I've enjoyed all the flavors! (Barbecue is still my favorite, though.) I also got a better deal buying them online.
I have this on a monthly reoccurring purchase making the per unit price even lower that list.  That being said, Pop Chips are very tasty and the variety pack comes with 6 different flavors.<br /><br />My favorite flavors are Salt & Vinegar by far.<br /><br />The calorie count makes this snack a very guilt free affair!
I bought the 6-flavor variety pack.  They are pretty good... nice thing is that I'm not 100% sure if I'm crazy about the texture so by the end of an 0.8 oz bag I don't really want anymore.  However in my quest for different snack foods I found the "Food Should Taste Good" line of cracker chips.  My money will be spent on those rather than pop chips.  However I think that people should give these a try as well.
The BBQ chips are great.  We liked them better than regular chips.  They have a nice crunch.  Hate Kettle chips which are so hard that they are like eating shards of glass.<br /><br />We will definitely be buying more of the Popchips.
These really are good I gave some to other people and they liked them too. The plain flavored ones take well to using them as scoops for your own dip or salsa. When eating the BBq flavored ones brings back memories of yester years when I would eat BBq pork skins while riding in the back of the truck on the range. I think the pepper ones could use more pepper but they are all still good and make a good snack or side dish to lunch at 100 Cal per pack.
To those of you, and there's a lot of us, who are constantly watching our weight and calorie intake,these chips are A-1 in my book.<br /><br />First of all, the flavors are incredible, very tastey and enjoyable.  The single serve bags are just the right amount, and a very nice portion might I add, and the calorie intake is only 100 calories for the entire single serve bag.<br /><br />I'm so happy I tried them, I bought the variety pack of single serves and I can't say enough good things about them.<br /><br />They're crispy and crunchy and the flavors aren't to salty, just right.<br /><br />So to those of you who enjoy a nice crunchy savory snack, you can't go wrong with POPCHIPS!!!  I'm hooked, now I just have to make sure I limit myself to only 1 - 2 bags a day!!!<br /><br />They really are good and the nutritional information isn't bad at all.<br /><br />So WOO HOO for those of us who can't sit down with a big old bag of Herrs or Utz and just can't seem to stop ourselves from putting our hand back into the bag over and over and over again, don't get me wrong I'm not bashing on Herr's or Utz, I love them both, however they're much higher in calorie than the POPCHIPS.<br /><br />Do yourselves a favor and give them a try, you truely can't go wrong, even my friends/family, who don't have to watch their calorie intake, enjoy them as well, so that's saying something.<br /><br />Hope to read other reviews of happy calorie counting snackers!!!!!<br /><br />Keep on Munching, the Healthy way with "POPCHIPS" snacks.
Found these while looking for good, cheap, low-calorie snack packs to buy in bulk for my office.  After my first shipment, I decided to have two boxes shipped to the office monthly via subscribe & save.  My next shipment arrives in two days. I'm so excited!<br /><br />Gotta have my pop chips...
My husband and I both really like the popchips.  They are a great substitute for regular potato chips and we both find them very satisfying.
I read a reference to these on Jillian Michaels's website, checked out the Popchips web page, and liked everything I read. But the proof is in the tasting, of course. They arrived today and the consensus here in this house is that Popchips are incredible. They taste SINFULLY good, crunchy and just yummy. I love sea salt and vinegar chips in general, and truly LOVED the popchips version. Anyone on Weight Watchers plus will be happy to know that a single serving bag is only 3 measly points. HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT!!
What a great way to help with dieting and keeping on track.  These are very tasty and crunchy - great with sandwiches or salad or even by themselves.
My whole family loves these "chips".  I am following the Weight Watchers plan and the whole bag is only 3 points, there is quite a few in the bag totally worth it!!!
i am trying to eat healthy and could not really find any good tasting low fat snacks. my friend told  me about pop chips that she bought from amazon. she said she loved them and i should give them a try, i said what the heck if she likes them they must be good. and what do you know i loved them and i have a bag almost everyday for a snack
The only complaint I have with pop chips is that I can't get all of the flavors at the stores where I live!!! My husband and I both LOVE pop chips, his favorite is the salt and pepper and mine is the sour cream and onion.  Pop chips are a perfect mix between a chip and a rice cake!!!! We cannot say enough good things about them!
I LOVE PopChips.  They have a great crunch without the greasy feel and taste.  They are very similar to munchos--very light and fluffy.  If you are looking for something to satisfy your salty craving, these are a great way without having to feel so guilty about consuming an enormous amount of calories.
The original flavor would work fine with any dip and are okay on their own<br />The salt and pepper flavor is AWESOME.  Really tasty and a great snack for only 100 calories<br />The sour cream and onion is a little chemicall-y but decent.<br />The barbeque is good but not tasty enough.  The flavor doesn't go as well with the texture.<br /><br />Haven't yet tried the other two flavors.  Will update as I do.<br /><br />If you haven't tried popchips they are sort of a cross between pringles and rice cakes.  Less like styrofoam than rice cakes and made with the same potato flakes kind of texture as pringles without as much fat.<br /><br />So far I have this on subscribe and save and will keep that subscription active.  These definitely beat a 150 - 300 calorie bag of potato chips as a snack.
I bought these when they were on a Gold Box deal...thinking that it would be a nice inexpensive toss in for a month of lunches...and then I'd never buy them again.<br /><br />Not so...<br /><br />They're actually really tasty!  Exceptionally crunchy!  And the flavor is similar to kettle cooked chips.  Definitely going on subscribe and save for a while.<br /><br />I don't think they're any more salty than standard potato chips...but they're by no means "low salt."
Popchips are a great guilt-free way to add some crunchy satisfaction to your diet without added excess fat and sugar. They are clean, light, deliciously satisfying and are available in a variety of flavors.They would make a great lunch box addition. Popchips will be on hand in our home from now on!
I received my box of assorted Popchips a few days ago to support my Weight Watcher meal plan.  I absolutely love them and find that they fit in with my plan.  Without hesitation I recommend all varieties of these chips.  What a great idea!!!
What a great snack!  I love these crispy, crunchy, treats.  Packaged in a single serve bag, I buy these by the pack of 24 assorted flavors so I have them on hand whenever I feel the urge to snack.<br />Unfortunately my family has discovered how good they are so they are now going faster than I had anticipated.  Time to order some more!  All the different flavors are seasoned just right--not too salty or spicy.  I love Popchips!
These chips are awesome. The light airy texture makes them a pleasant snack. I am dieting and thesse fit in reall nice. Gives me that salty, crunchy yummy taste that keeps my points low for the day. I love them. I have recommended them to all my diet buddies and they love them. I haven't tried all the flavors yet, only those in the variety pack but trust me I will be tracking them all down and hopefully find my favorite. That may be difficult they are all so good!!!
I tried these in Colorado and came home to find out they only sell them on the west coast. Amazon didn't sell the ones I wanted. I put it on a wish list as a gift for a loved one. Within a week of their birthday, Amazon e-mailed me that it was available. Great chips but, took longer to ship then expected. Just in the nick of time for the birthday. When you want something real bad, Amazon usually comes through.
We absolutely loved the chips and after ordering them from Amazon we were able to find them in Target.  They have a really good flavor and we would eat them even if we weren't trying to loose weight.  Recommended by weight watchers.
Popchips are absolutely delicious, and getting the variety pack is great.  Everyone in my family has a favorite flavor.  Highly recommend these as they feed your chip craving, but are not nearly as bad for you as chips.
I really like the flavors and the fact that the chips are low in fat.  I especially like the bbq and salt and vinegar.  I don't care for the salt and pepper.  I wish I could get a multipack and choose the flavors I want.
We have played this with three adults.  fun game that does not take too long to play.  makes you think and plan only to have someone else mess up your plans.
That's all I can say. Yum at a great price! I can't find these sizes anywhere in my local grocery so this is just awesome.
Great low cal snack... satisfies the crunchy, snacky, salty cravings without high calories.  All flavors are good;  The cheddar is a little too seasoned for my taste.
I have a free sampling of these chips and I can see me swapping them for my regular chip cravings. They remind me of Munchos, but are less greasy. Try them.
If you haven't discovered Pop Chips yet - you don't know what you are missing.  Low calorie and high in flavor.  Great for the kids lunches. I need the single servings or I will eat the whole big bag.
I am so happy to try and enjoy pop-chips. They were recommended on calorie count.com, products like this are not available at local grocers. Caloriecount.com mentioned the snacks were available from Amazon.com which we all know is easy to order and accept delivery to your door. The pop chips are delicious, they come in many flavors. I have ordered them twice and shared them with friends. We love the single serving 100 calorie packs. The treats are tasty and delicious. I am on an email list to alert me when the jalepemo flavored pop chips become available. Thanks Amazon! I am planning to order them again for snacks on a family vacation. The variety will make this a fun treat and when compared to other 100 calorie treats this product gets a 10/10 rating from our family.
These have become a wonderful alternative to those afternoon cravings for salt, and or sugar.  They have texture and flavor, and a bag hits the spot.  I would highly recommend these if you are looking for an alternative to the junk from candy machines.
I LOVE Popchips!!  These are the BEST.  Individual serving bags, flavors are great, taste is excellent.  My daughter and grandson love the barbeque.  I have found that buying them through Amazon is cheaper and Amazon offers the bigger bags also.  I have to watch that because I could eat the whole bag.
I am a chip fanatic, when I heard of these, I HAD to give them a try! They are very tasteful esp. the bbq one's.  I have yet to try the other flavors but I am sure they will not disappoint.  I watch my weight/health so these are perfect, just becareful because they are addicting!
Good Variety of the flavors, makes it helpful to sample for your choice of type you prefer. Also good for packed lunches or as a portioned snack.
This is a great snack to have instead of potato chips. Lower in calories but still delicious. Will be ordering them again.
I was very pleased with the popchips.  MY first order was before the chips hit the stores.  The taste is delightful.  No greasy taste. In fact the variety in flavors will keep your palate very excited!  Amazing how it is made.  Calorie count is great too! I went further to send the chips to my family they too were very pleased with them.  My third order I placed for a gathering of 12 friends.  They too, could not get over the variety of flavors and how they were made. I feel the product itself won over more prospective customers. Try it yourself, I know you will be very pleased.<br /><br />Trish Kowalski
I love Popchips. They are delicious and I can't believe one bag is only 100 calories. The flavors are great although I am not a fan of salt and pepper. I would highy recommend as a way to try the different flavors. I am sure you will love them too.
I hate healthy anything!<br /><br />But I am overweight, so I need an alternative to my normal routine of Doritos potato chips. The only reason I tried these chips is because of the other reviews, so I am contributing my 5 stars toward the product.<br /><br />From just looking at it, I was expecting it to taste more like rice cake... but I was pleasantly surprise. The chips tastes great, very crisp... I don't really know how to explain it.<br /><br />All the flavors are great. My favorite is the BBQ. The Original is a bit too salty, but still very tasty.<br /><br />Highly recommended! At least give it a try before disregarding it for being a healthier snack.
I'm trying to eat healthier and one of the things I really love is chips and salty snacks of all kinds!  These Popchips really do the trick of satisfying my craving. Though I don't really care for the pepper flavor, I like all of the others.  I will buy these again.
I found these chips on vacation in Oregon.  The store was a kind of natural yet upscale type of grocery store.  I had never seen them before.  They are different than regular chips-no oily taste but very flavorful.  I didn't know if I could get them in CA so I ordered a case!
These taste great and are a healthier alternative. My favorite was the sea salt and vinegar. I probably won't order the other flavors again since I have a favorite, and don't eat potato chips all that often. But the variety pack was great to get to try them all.
These are great - my entire family loves them.  It is a great addition to my son's school lunch - and I have the satisfaction of knowing it is a better alternative then the normal "chip" out on the market.  Great flavor - BBQ and Sourcream & Onion are our favorites!  Love the single serve bags - wish you could buy them at the store - but for now I will continue to purchase on Amazon...  because of the great service and varieties!
These chips are flavorful without all the fat of fried. I love love the bbq flavor.  I also like how the chips don't crumble in the bag.
These are great little snack packs - flavorful chips and fairly low fat and low cal.
I tried this chips in a hotel that I stayed at, and loved them! I ordered them for the office and everyone enjoyed them. I'm on my second order!
Popchips are very good.  The varity received lets you try the diferent flavors.  I only wish I could find them locally.
These are the best chips invented for those who are trying to watch their calorie intake.  You get a lot of chips for minimal calories, and they taste great!!
Great selection of chips & very fresh. If you are are looking for a healthy alternative to fried potato chips & don't like the fake taste of baked, these are just the most amazing chips you can eat. I bought 2 cases & every time I'm at Target or our Super Box Store I make sure to pick them up!!
I agree with reviewers who enjoy this alternative to the regular salty snack options.  The texture of the chips is great and they're very flavorful!  I can certainly taste the sodium but if this isn't a problem for you, I would recommend trying them.  It's a snack I look forward to having a chance to enjoy.  Everyone has their favorite flavor (i'm no exception -BBQ FTW!) so I recommend trying the variety pack first.  I thought I'd have at least one or two flavors we'd 'hate', but no.<br /><br />My initial purchase of an alternative snack was Stacy's Pita Chips in Parmesan Garlic & Herb.  Nothing against them, but they lacked the flavor punch I was looking for.  These Popchips are exactly right.<br /><br />I can definitely recommend these chips for anyone who likes a salty, flavorful snack!
I loved these chips. They were exactly what I had been looking for. They are not fried/greasy or baked/dry they were great-tasting, satisfying, and healthy alternative to regular potato chips. You can feel good about eating these chips. Can't say enough, you'll have to try them for yourself! I am ordering more now!
Although I can not say that these are the same thing as potato chips, they are a good alternative and very tasty. The flavors are much like the potato chips you would get at the store; it is the texture that is different. They are less oil (a good thing) and lighter than potato chips almost like a rice cake except much thinner and crisper. All of the flavors are good except for the cheese one. I didn't care for it although my two-year-old likes it.<br /><br />All-in-all, for the calories, you can't beat it, and for long term weight maintenance and health, these are great and delicious as well. Amazon.com sends out a very fresh product that is as good as if you bought it from the shelf of your local grocery store.
The chips are very good and serve as a great snack with very low calories and Weight Watcher point value.
I was on the fence about buying these for months. I read the reviews and were impressed by them but, the possibility of being stuck with 24 bags of chips I hated made me nervous. This was my first food order from amazon and I am glad I picked this product to be. I absolutely love these chips. I deiced on the variety pack to start with in case I didn't like one flavor had others I could eat. Turns out though I enjoy them all.<br /><br />They are thicker than your normal potato chip with a great crunch and more of an airy texture. One bag fills me up as a mid-day snack. The flavors themselves are a bit bolder than you would expect from a chip. For me this was a good thing. I would have to say the bbq is my favorite. The flavor reminded me a lot of lays bqq but a bolder version of it, the sweet bqq flavor with a bold kick at the end. My bags had very few broken chips in them. Everything about this order was great.<br /><br />My father was around when I was trying my first bag, making fun of them cause they were healthy. I offered him one and he accepted probably to do some dramatic spitting it out and eww effect. He looked at me confused once he ate it, promptly took the bag out of my hand and walked away with it. This is a man who HATES anything healthy, but shows how good the flavors are.<br /><br />I will definitely be buying these again.
I picked up a 3 oz bag of the Salt and Vinegar chips last weekend at Wegman's and in a blink of an eye, the bag was GONE.  Very nice vinegar flavor.  Bad side was in a blink of an eye they were gone which is not good for portion control.  I ordered the variety pack in .8 oz size (single serving) to help with portion control.  Most of the flavors I like - but fair warning, the parmesan garlic is VERY garlic. Love the salt and pepper.  With 100 calories a pack, what a nice change from baked chips.  Try it - you will like it.
Popchips are really, really good! Don't expect a regular old, greasy potato chip, but DO expect something equally AWESOME that stands on its own. Popchips don't leave any funny residue in your mouth like some other "diet" chips, and they don't have a lot of fat and calories - only 100 cal. per single-serve bag! I got the variety pack, and liked every one of the six flavors - some better than others (because I'm not a big fan of cheddar chips by ANY maker, so these were as good as any), but all were good, most were GREAT. Even non-dieters who tried them liked them. It seems like they cost a bit more than the average bag of chips, but maybe that's because I had to buy a case. Even so, they're worth it if you're fighting the battle of the bulge and want a lo-cal indulgence you wouldn't otherwise be able to enjoy. My recommendation: EAT POPCHIPS!
Here's the straight talk from a foodie, not a Top Chef food critic, but a foodie:<br />-Name: Pop Chips. They are cooked in a kettle with pressure and heat. Fantastic. Not baked or fried. Made by the company POP CHIPS so it isn't frito lays or mars trying to forcefeed America in disguise.<br />-Packaging and Branding: Colorful and way too heavy-duty bags. This is why they are slightly expensive. Similar to kettle chips packaging. You will have fun opening the bags with a POP. Packaging was great. I've eaten about 6 of the small bags and not one was even slightly damaged.<br />-Taste and Texture: They are about the size of half-dollar coins, kind of puffy like a pork rind or rice cake, and they are not crunchy hard like potato chips but they do crunch. Definitely distinctive and they deserve a place on the market.<br />-Nutrition: 100 Calories! Unfortunately, you know what this means. It's not a big grab by any means. It's about 15-20 chips per .8 oz bag. Which, honestly, is great for portion control. It's probably all we need and popchips knows it. Definitely more filling than other 100 calorie snacks made by, say, SnackWell or the oreos/mini muffins type.<br />-Flavor: The 3 pack comes with Cheddar Potato, Sea Salt and Vinegar, and Barbecue Potato. As an English major I'm inclined to take the "potato" off the label. Just as salty and flavorful as normal chips, but not overpowering like some (cheap tortilla chips/some doritos). NATURAL taste.<br />I bought these on sale with a 15-20% discount I believe. I might purchase them again if I won a gift card or something, but I would rather look for these in a store or at a warehouse club and save some cash/trees on the gigantic box they come in. But if you are on the fence and worried about being disappointed, you won't be. This is definitely quality over quantity.
I ordered these chips due to other readers reviews being so good. In addition, my pregnant wife and I enjoy foods that are portioned and easy for taking on the go. But the main reason I ordered these chips was that they are a health conscious choice and the flavor does not disappoint! They are excellent.<br /><br />Here is a nutritional breakdown:<br /><br />Calories: 100<br />Calories from Fat: 30<br />Total Fat: 3g<br />Saturated Fat, Trans Fat, Poly and Mono: 0g<br />Cholesterol: 0mg<br />Sodium: 160mg - 7%<br />Potassium 180mg - 5%<br />Total Carbohydrates 15g - 5%<br />Dietary Fiber 1g - 4%<br />Sugars 2g - 4%<br />Protein 1g<br />Calcium 2%<br />Iron 2%
Here is a nutritional breakdown:<br /><br />Calories: 100<br />Calories from Fat: 30<br />Total Fat: 3g<br />Saturated Fat, Trans Fat, Poly and Mono: 0g<br />Cholesterol: 0mg<br />Sodium: 160mg - 7%<br />Potassium 180mg - 5%<br />Total Carbohydrates 15g - 5%<br />Dietary Fiber 1g - 4%<br />Sugars 2g - 4%<br />Protein 1g<br />Calcium 2%<br />Iron 2%<br /><br />For Weightwatcher folks this breaksdown to 2 Points.......
We tried these chips because DR. OZ had recommended them on his show as a healthier potato chip alternative.  My whole family loves them, we have not found a flavor that we don't like.  These are WAY better than any baked style chip.  Try them and you won't be disappointed!
These chips are pretty delicious.. Even the original flavor with nothing on it is good. It's not as delicious as Doritos, but it's also not fried either, which definitely balances it out. A good snack for all times of day!
MY kids loved these and they were such a great deal. I didn't feel so guilty about giving my kids chips!!
Like many others, we were on the fence about buying these Popchips, with the possibility of being stuck with 24 bags of chips that even the dogs may not eat.  Turns out though we enjoy them all, the kids like the plain ones, saying they taste like Pringles, and my wife and I are particularly fond of the cracked pepper and salt.  We are not fans of BBQ chips in general, but still ate the BBQ Popchips.<br /><br />I will definitely be buying these again
Everyone should try these chips. They are healthier than regular chips. And they taste good.
This was our first time trying Popchips, but I had heard so many good things about them so I was eager to try them.  We ordered the variety pack to try a few flavors.  My kids gobbled all of them easily but their favorite was the salt and vinegar.  My favorite by far is the BBQ flavor.  We love popchips here!!!
These are the best alternative chips I have ever tried. I have shared them with friends and relatives and they all agree. You get enough in the single serve packs to be truly satisfied and if you are a weight watchers customer, they are GREAT, only 2 points for each bag!!!
Possibly THE best salt and vinegar chips (healthy or not) ever!  The salt is just right and compliment the vinegar's tartness perfectly.<br /><br />All the chips are good.. salt and pepper can be a little overwhelming.
These are by far one of the most tasty chips available in the market. It's not greasy, doesn't leave a strong after taste as compared to other chips available in the market.  First time time tasting it was during the Natural Product Expo West 2009 in Anaheim, fell in love with it almost right away.<br /><br />The only thing I can complain about this product was probably the price, which is higher compared to chips of other brands.  In addition, the barbeque flavor and the original flavor are slightly salty compare to the rest of the flavor in the variety pack.<br /><br />Amazon's pricce on this item, along with the subscription discount made me pull the trigger almost instantaneously.  if you have a costco nearby, you can also purchase this item at a very discounted price, slightly higher than what Amazon offers though.
This variety pack is perfect for when you want something crunchy and salty.<br />The selection of flavors were great choices for me - I liked them all.<br />The portion keeps you from overeating, and they are healthier for you than<br />potato chips, even the baked ones.<br />I recommend these and will be buying them again and again.
The popchips are a nice alternative to potato chips. They are not greasy and only 100 calories per bag. Great for dieters. Fits in with a low calorie diet. Definitely would recommend trying at least once.
Totally amazing and very delicious.<br /><br />My favorite flavors (from best to worst):<br /><br />1. barbecue<br />2. sour cream and onion<br />3. cheddar<br /><br />4. salt and pepper<br />5. original<br />6.  vinegar and sea salt
Salt and Vinegar and BBQ rock!  Plain were OK....Didn't really care for Cheddar.  Nice to start w/a variety pack to find the ones you prefer.
If you had to choose, my favorites were the sea salt and vinegar, followed by salt and pepper. Suprisingly, the original flavor was my least favorite, probably because I was spoiled by all the flavor the others offer. Very tasty chips, healthier alternative to regular chips without compromising on flavor. In fact, the taste is better than most regular chips I've had. Would highly recommend this product! This is a really nice product.
I got these for $10 for the 24 pack, so a pretty good deal. They are about as healthy as the baked chips I usually buy.  They all taste great and Im officially a fan.<br /><br />It's pretty much what it sounds like chips that are popped instead of baked.  So they do have some "air" in them.  .8 ounce bags is slightly more than the .75 ounches in baked lays bags I was buying.<br /><br />Good buy if you can get a good deal like I did
Popchips are a healthy and light alternative to regular potato chips.  They are full of flavor, and only 2 Weight Watcher points per delicious bag!  I have shared these chips with family and friends, and they are all now fans!<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001RVFDOO">Popchips 6-Flavor Variety Pack, 0.8-Ounce Single Serve Bags (Pack of 24)</a>
I am very pleased with these.  Note: they are kosher (kof k) Pareve!  At 100 calories / bag, they make a delicious snack.
Excellent taste for a low calorie snack.  This size bag is exactly 100 calories and you get a lot of chips.  I prefer these to the regular greasy chips.
I expected..idk..maybe tasteless cardboard...but these are really good..i have only tried the bbq so far..but it packs a lot of flavor and you get a lot of chips in a single serving bag!  I will update after my family beach trip because i am taking the 24 pack with us for some moderately healthy snacking..my only caveat is..these could prove to be addictive..i am looking to watch my weight..and these are definitely a temptation!  Very happy with this product:)
i love popchips and this was really a treat to get the variety of flavors and the individual bags were such convenience! Thank you!
I absolutely love Pop Chips as a healthy alternative to regular, fatty chips.  The Seat Salt and Pepper and the Sour Cream and Onion are my favorites.  I don't crave regular chips at all!
I LUV me some POPCHIPS!!  These are great snack items.  I ordered a case, and passed them around my office.  Now everyone is addicted to these chips. I have not found anyone that did not like these chips...and they are healthier than the baked chips out there. YUMM!!
Popchips don't taste like a lot of the other lowfat salty snack options.  They are light in taste and big on crunch.  Great alternative to potato chips.  I'm not a fan of the BBQ flavor but I do like the sea salt & vinegar, salt & pepper alot and sour cream and onion.  Like the individual bags - perfect for on the go and lunches.
When I found these chips I was shocked to see how little fat there is in these. They taste great and the are actually not bad for you either. I told my sister, and she has told her friend everyone loves them after they try them. We order boxes so we can have them at work instead of using the vending machines, the office loves them. They can be a little hard to find, that why I order the online.
This 24-pack lasted about a month, and I sampled all of the flavors but only got to eat the barbecue flavor once, as it is my wife's and my favorite. So, I reordered just the barbecue. Great snack for 100 calories. I've purchased the reduced fat Pringles 100-calorie individual packs before, and you get a lot more chips in a Popchips bag than from Pringles.
Great product! All the flavors were delicious. Loved the fact that the single serve bags were about 100 calories each.
I LOVE THESE CHIPS, I HAVE THEM ON AUTO ORDER EVERY 2 MONTHS, THEY TASTE GREAT, I CAN NOT BELIVE THE WHOLE BAG HAS 100 CALORIES, I HAVE A BAG EVERY DAY, IT SURE HAS HELPED MY WEIGHT LOSS BY HAVEING THEM IN LITTLE BAGS, SO I DO NOT EAT A HUGE AMOUNT
I am very impressed with the flavors. ALL OF THEM! There were a few flavors I wasn't sure I was going to like....but they are really good also! The flavors are very intense. You are not getting a bland chip. I'm on the monthly plan but I've already had to order them ahead of schedule twice!
PopChips are delicious and much healthier than your regular potato chips. I love all the flavors !! It's also nice to get a variety box with single serving bags.
Fabulous - tasty but not awful for you!  I've already recommended to folks I work with.  Will continue to purchase!
It is simple. These chips taste great and are a healthier alternative to other brands. Way better than anything baked! I highly recommend them!
The Popchips were excellent - had excellent flavor and low in calories.  When you eat these - don't need another potato chip!
These chips are delicious and low in calories.  I love the salt and vinegar, and the barbeque.  We buy them by the case.  They are great.  Thanks for offering them.
I love pop chips and the variety pack was fantastic.  Delivered quickly - these chips are filling, full of flavor and way healthier than other types of chips.
I first tried them after a product get together at Jelly Belly in Fairfield, Ca. I was so pleased, that I wanted more!  Well my Husband said he saw some at Costco so he got a few flavors and boy was I hooked. I sent my Grandsons in Idaho a box of 24 mixed small packages and also a friend in Ohio the same thing.  I am on a calorie counting diet along with my Husband and we eat the popchips almost every day. I like the different flavors and the fact they are healthy for you...alot better then baked or fried.  I am sold and really enjoy them...you came up with a fantastic product.  Sincerely, Viki Crabtree
Pop-Chips are VERY GOOD!  I'm on a mission to lose weight and these have replaced high calorie snacks.  I think I even like these better than regular chips!  The BBQ, Salt & Vinegar, and Cheddar are really good alone (and I'm not normally a BBQ chip person).  I tend to eat the Original, Sour Cream & Onion , and the Salt & Pepper with Laughing Cow Cheese as a dip.  I don't really care for the salt & pepper as much as the others because I don't really like pepper in general and these are very peppery.  I wish they would replace the salt & pepper with the parmesan garlic flavor.<br /><br />Also, I like to buy these small packages to limit my portion size, but also because there are a lot of chips in this one little bag.  It also makes it really convenient for me to grab a few bags and take them to work or throw a few in the car.  I don't have kids but the small bags would be nice for kids as well.
My son and daughter-in-law told me about these chips and they purchased a few bags at a store and I will say they are higher in stores then you can get them online on Amazon. They brought me a bag and I was hooked! So I ordered popchips online and they are the "BEST" chips!! There wasn't a flavor I didn't like or that my family didn't like. I am a (chipaholic) and these are better for you and a great tasting chip. I highly recommend these to anyone that can't do without eating chips either with a sandwich, hamburger, or just to munch on midday.<br />You won't be dissapointed.
The pop-chips are great. I had heard they were really good and I totally agree. I love being able to have all the flavors. I like the variety.<br />The chips were delivered quickly and safely.
I love popchips and especially when they are in individual portion sizes and a variety of flavors...good for you and tastes great and are easy to put in lunches or snacks on the go!
If I had to describe a Popchip, I would say that it's a hybrid of a  potato chip and a popcorn cake.  I was a little skeptical, at first, since I was trying to figure out how they were made if they weren't baked or fried, but I was pleasantly surprised when I tried them.  This variety pack gives people a good opportunity to try the six different flavors and decide which ones are their favorite(s).  If you're a snacker or if you are looking for a healthier alternative to fried potato chips, this are a must-try.
I liked most all of these except for the cheddar ones.  These are packed with flavor and are a great alternative to regular potato chips as well as being just 80% just as good.<br /><br />The best way to describe these is that they are like rice cakes except make from potatoes.  I hate rice hates but loved these (just the texture is compared to rice cakes not the flavor)and I will definitely purchase them again in the future.<br /><br />I recommend giving these a chance, they are a great healthy and quick snack.
For 100 calories a bag, these are the closest thing you will get to regular potato chips, they have great crunch and flavor.
These are crunchy and very tasty!  These don't taste like the 'usual' chips from the store.  When I first tried them, I could tell right away they were different from the greasy, salty, fatty chips I was used to eating.  These have their own flavor and crunch and I started to appreciate them right away.  I noticed I didn't feel so sluggish and icky after eating these.  Which was wonderful.  The combo package is great because the flavors are all very different and tasty.  And I love the smaller packages.  They really hit the spot without the risk of overindulging.
the pop chips are really incredible. They are very flavorful and crispy. My Favorite is the BBQ, but that is just me, they are all good. I would highly recommend these to anyone who is watching their weight of just for overall better health.
these chips tatse great, and the serving size is good. we especially liked the variety pack with six flavors
I recently received the variety packs of popchips. i have them delivered to work and everyone just loves them.<br /><br />i tried one flavor ...delicious, next flavor.... excellent, next flavor... oh my goodness, even better and it gets better and better.<br /><br />Best snack in recent memory.  :)
Very tasty chips, healthier alternative to regular chips without compromising on flavor. In fact, the taste is better than most regular chips I've had. Would highly recommend this product! If you had to choose, my favorites were the sea salt and vinegar, followed by salt and pepper. Ironically, the original flavor was my least favorite, probably because I was spoiled by all the flavor the others offer.
These chips might seem a little expensive compared to other leading (and unhealthy I might add)chips, but I was not disappointed in my purchase. They arrived in a few days and made the perfect snack for me and my husband's lunches. Also, we checked for the closest store selling these and it was Target 50 miles away in Tulsa and would have been costly to buy them as they are more per case and the drive to get them.
The reason why I ordered this on-line is because the only Pop Chips they have in my store are the regular and salt and vinegar & barbeque.  I LOVE the sour cream and onion ones - actually I love ALL of them, but it's great to have them in the 100 calorie bag, because if they weren't I wouldn't be able to stop eating them.
I love these chips...and my husband does too. He wipes them out before I can get to them. The variety pack is a great way to determine which flavor you like. They are packaged well and always fresh. The bag contains a generous portion. I've purchased many times and am never dissapointed.
This is a great chip replacement! Wow all the flavors are terrific,good with a sandwich, soup, or just a late night snack!
Pop Chips are the best chips I've had in a long time.  I'm a Weight Watcher and to satisfy that salty craving I get now and then these chips are the ticket and they are only 2 points.  And when I buy a case of them they average I think about .94.  Not bad.
loved the assortment pack. everyone in family loves them.  low fat, lower calorie and all natural, simple snack for kid's lunch bags. It is peanut and tree nut free (safe for allergy kids) and although it is made on equipment shared with wheat, I bought this for my child who is on an wheat limiting diet.
I am a chip addict and these are by far some of the tastiest, non-homemade chips I've ever had. Plus they're healthy! Only problem is I can't decide which flavor is my favorite.
I love these chips. They are excellent! On the Weight Watchers plan they are only 2 points per bag which is GREAT for potatoe chips. LOVE the single serving bags for portion control. Also love Amazon.com for selling them. Can't find them in the stores. I will be ordering these forever. Great product.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001RVFDOO">Popchips 6-Flavor Variety Pack of 24 [Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging</a>]
I love these chips and they are a perfect low fat snack to keep me held over through my day.  The only thing bad about the Amazon price is they are about $20 for a 24 pack.  That is 80 cents each.  Sadly I discovered this great snack at work in the vending machine - for 75 cents.  I would expect to buy them for .50 a pack if I have to buy 24 and not from a vending machine.  I highly recommend these chips, but there is no savings buying the from Amazon.
Variety pack of popchips r sooo good all flavors r delicious and r way healthier than regular greasy potato chips....popchips r half the fat and only 100 calories so a def must buy
I am in love with POP Chips! They are my go to low calorie snack! The largest 100 calorie pack out there!
These chips are very good. Wish we could purchase them in our area. Great chance to try them in this offer.
These are better than any low calorie chips I've ever had, and I prefer them to normal chips. They are wonderful. Oprah even loves them.  I would buy this box again, and probably will, because I LOVE that these are 100 calorie packs. The barbeque and salt and vinegar ones are AWESOME.
They were not bad tasting...........they served the purpose that I wantned with a sandwich nice and crunchy
These chips are delicious and each bag only has 100 calories.  They are not fried but just baked and come in 6 different flavors.  For anyone who is dieting but loves potato chips these are great.
These are the best chips ever and what a great swap for all the fat and calories of regular chips.  Not to mention that they come in single servings so when you eat the WHOLE bag it's ok!!!  Great product and I would highly recommend it anyone.
I originally found these at a Target out of my home town. I fell in love with them as part of my Weight Watcher's plan. They are a good snack alternative when I crave something salty. I could not find them where I live so I purchased them from the Pop Chips web site which took me through Amazon. Yummy!
This is one of the best new products I have ever tried in a long time.....These are delicious chips, they taste like chips, ( not styrofoam) and are all natural !<br />The Barbeque are outstanding, as are the plain, sour creme and onion, salt and pepper. I don't love the Cheddar or the Salt and vinegar, they are a bit strong.<br /><br />If you are on weight watchers each bag is 2 points, and are a great find to cover the crunchy/salty crave, If you are not on weight watchers, you will still enjoy them. My husband loves them, my co-workers love them, kids love them. They can not believe their Mom is allowing them to eat a bag of chips a day!<br /><br />Overall an excellent product !
These taste wonderful!  Guilt free if you can stop at one bag.  Will definitly buy again!
Love, love, love these crunchy little treats.  They remind me of "Munchos" but without the greasy tounge afterwards.  I don't usually like flavored snacks, but these are all great, not overwhelming and no gross aftertaste.  I subscribe to them so I will never run out:)
What's to say - Pop Chips are great!!!  Kudos to the PoP Chip makers.
I really liked these chips.<br /><br />They came recommended from my friend and I really like them. The variety pack is great to try all of the flavors - although there were some I wasn't so fond of.<br /><br />The cheddar, bbq, and salt/pepper chips are great. The traditional ones are get this.... traditional. No excitement there.<br /><br />The chips are great - my brother still asks if I have any around the house but I haven't yet purchased them again.<br /><br />Hint: the have the texture of the snack Munchos.
I love these chips so much... and I can't get over how delicious each variety is!! The price here is AWESOME too!
I picked up a few bags of these at my local HEB and couldnt help but consume half of a bag in a day. The entire stock didnt last even a week for me.<br /><br />Many chips say they have a bold flavor but they never deliver. These, however, do. I tried the Garlic Parmessan chips and the first things I thought was how strong and delicious the parmessan was.. shortly followed by a garlic flavor. Combined with a sharp crunch, I cannot have enough of these chips. I'm almost afraid to buy a 24 pack because I know they won't last a month.<br /><br />It also helps that these things are pretty healthy for you. I mean, they are a potato crisp so you can't be entirely guilt-free... but I don't knock myself for going to town. I just avoid the potato chip aisle these are on when I need to lay low on the snack foods ;)
These chips are incredible! Enough can't be said about them. They are better than potato chips and without the guilt of fat and calories!
I love these chips! They always make a great healthy snack when I'm stuck at work with just the vending machine for sustenance.
Love these pop-chips! The variety bag was a great deal, especially with the $5 off.  Tasty, low fat- just what I needed as a healthy alternative for a great price. I highly recommend these!
I love Popchips!! They taste great and they do not have all of the fat that regular chips contain.  I was introduced to the wonderful world of Popchips several months ago and I have not looked at regular chips the same.  I do not consume copious amounts of potato chips, however, I do occasionally pack my kids lunch with the salty tubers. My family enjoys the Popchips so much, that I purchased a variety pack of 24 (0.8oz bags) from Amazon.  They taste very good and the texture is wonderful, although I will admit they are a bit salty.  I really enjoy the salt and pepper flavor the best, with the salt and vinegar coming in a close second.  Make sure you have a large glass of water as you are consuming these popped treats, because as I stated before they are quite salty. I highly recommend these for individuals who eat potato chips and want a somewhat more healthy alternative.
Love All THE FLAVORS!!!!! JUST THE RIGHT SIZE PACKAGE AND TASTE GREAT!!!!! GIVE THEM A TRY YOU WILL LOVE THEM ALSO!!!!!
I discovered Pop Chips a year or so ago, and my whole family LOVES them!  We are partial to crunchy, salty snacks (like potato chips) but hardly ever get them because of the calorie overload.  These are a perfect substitute!  Great to tide you over between meals, or with a sandwich, or a movie-watching snack.  The small size bags are perfect for NOT getting too carried away, too!
I love popchips, The bag now has only 100 calories. and it bit smaller but If you are craving pop chips without the fat and still taste great. These are for you. A bit pricey but worth it.
I heard of these through my weight watchers magazine. They a had a $5 coupon code so I figured "what the heck!". WOW -- pop chips are amazing - every flavor is AWESOME! I particularly liked the salt & pepper. If you want crunch and flavor - these are for you!!
I shared these with my two older sons, then ordered more. These are great to put in the glove compartment for after work.
in my book. You can eat one serving with ease and not feel any remorse. Just wish That there were more BBQ and Cheese flavored selections. The Black pepper is the BESTEST yet.
they taste awesome! esp the salt n pepper one! I love them and they are really healthy! the packaging is really good..
These popchips are a great alternative when you need a munchie, crunchie snack. They are much lower in calories/fat than regular chips and are portioned controlled. I especially like the barbeque flavor or the salt and pepper flavored popchips.
We love Popchips, but they're hard to find at our local grocery stores. I was very excited to find this variety pack, which has 6 flavors (some of which we'd never tried before) in single-serve packages right around 100 calories a piece. Our favorites were the original, sea salt & vinegar, and sour cream & onion... but all of the flavors were good. These were perfect for snacks, but they also made for easy lunches. We'll definitely order again!
Popchips are an excellent snack. I really like all of the varieties. I use Amazon's subscription plan and save some $$  -  I get 1 24-pack box per month, shipped automatically. Life is grand!
Popchips are phenomenal!  Unfortunately, just not readily available at a retailer near you.  Ordering online is the next best, especially with Amazon Prime service! My dad loved his boxes of Popchips.  I'm happy, as his daughter, to find a healthier snack that he can enjoy and receive right at his doorstep.
I am enjoying the recent purchase of PopChips, so far I have enjoyed all the flavor choices.  The individual serving bags make it easy for me to have just the right portion serving with my meals or if I have a craving for a snack.  Thanks for the product. Jean Roth
I'm really glad Amazon carries these, they are so much better for you than regular chips and actually taste good too.  We haven't found a flavor we didn't like yet.  I'll probably use the Amazon subscribe feature to get another $3 off as we will go through these fairly regularly.  Awesome chips!
these are the best chips I have every tasted They are Healthy for4 you & have Great flavor  I will buy often I eat 1 bag a day with my Lunch  Yummy !!!
This chips are perfect for a snack without having greasy fingers leftover.  All the flavors are great with my favorite being the vinegar and sea salt.
Great Chips - No after taste...<br />Seem to be much better for me.<br />Need to buy the big bags now.
Amazing concept... not fried, not even baked... Popped like Popcorn... !!!!<br />This is another product for my Weight Watchers regima. Each bag is only 2 points.. I love this snack for mid morning in between breakfast and lunch. They taste really good.. my favorite are the Bar-b-que, Salt & Vinegar, and the Sour Cream.. they are all good though.
I ordered these chips because they got so many good reviews and I'm so glad I did.<br />All of the flavors are tasty and satisfying. At 100 calories a bag, they are a great snack. They quell that hunger for crunchy, salty, goodness without killing my diet. Yes, they are a bit pricier than a big bag of regular chips, but it stops me from eating just a couple more and 1 bag is really enough to keep me happy. I've got a new favorite chip.
If you are trying to eat healthy (like me), but love junk food (like me), these are the chips for you.  I have given up potato chips and french fries in my quest to eat guilt free, but a sandwich just needs something on the side. These chips add a great crunch as a side to a sandwich, and are a great snack for only 100 calories. They have no preservatives, no artificial flavors or colors, no cholesterol, 0 grams saturated fat, o grams trans fat, and are gluten free. Ingredients are potato flakes, potato starch, safflower oil and/or sunflower oil, rice flour, sea salt. They would be great to pack in a school lunch or for an after school snack. I ordered them on the subscription plan, a case a month, but might have to add an extra shipment. Everyone I have given a pack to loved them too and came back for more.
I HAPPENED UPON THIS ITEM IN MY LOCAL DELI AND BEING CURIOS I DECIDED TO TRY.  THEY WERE FABULOUS BETTER THAN THE REGULAR CHIPS BY FAR.  I GIVES YOU SATISFACTION OF CRUNCH AND FLAVOR IN A POTATOE CHIP.  GREAT GREAT FIND.
I first got the variety pack to try all the different flavors, then I picked 2 and ordered them on Subscribe and Save (1 each on alternate months).  It's much cheaper than the vending machine at work and they only have chips that are bad for you.  These chips are crisp, delicious, and taste salty, mmmmmmm good! Each bag has 230 mg. of sodium. They only have 100 calories in a bag, and the amount of chips in the bag is ample for one serving, unlike other 100 calorie snacks where you get 7 almonds, or 5 crackers....  Now I can have chips every day at work for lunch, no guilt!  The Salt and Pepper variety is absolutely delicious.  The plain is great for dipping, and the barbecue is full of flavor.  The salt and vinegar is very sour, if you like that type, and the cheddar and sour cream and onion varieties are good, just not my favorites.  A very good deal on Subscribe and Save, chips delivered to your door, individually bagged and ready to take for lunch.  Convenient!  Nothing bad to say about PopChips!
The chips are good with fast service but I ordered a case(24) of Popchips 6-flavor Variety Pack and received 24 bags all Barbecue flavored.
I've tried using a toaster/microwave/confection oven/stove to make these things myself, but I wasn't able to. I even tried barbecuing but was unable to get the chips to "pop". I verified my methods with a local grocery store clerk named Mat (his name has one "T", which seemed a little strange to me), but to no avail.<br /><br />I contacted customer support asking for instructions but they acted aloof and confused about their own product! I don't know why they couldn't just mail, or at least email me some popping instructions.<br /><br />Luckily I think even raw/unpopped they taste pretty good. People look at them funny at first, but after they try a few they basically devour the whole bag, completely unpopped...
The 'Sun Chips' are an OK substitute for the usual potato, corn, whatever chip cooked in oil and over salted.  They are not nearly as un-palatable as I thought they would be.  Have added them to my 'heart healthy' diet regime.  All are good except for the 'multi-grain' style, which has the texture of a sheet of plywood.
The cheddar tastes a little weird, but that could be personal preference. The salt and vinegar is very strong, but tastes okay other than that.  Salt and pepper is yum!  Barbeque is good too.  Plain is plain.  If you're a die hard potato chip lover and don't care about calories, don't bother with these.  However, if you want your salty snacks and don't want all the calories, these work.  I'd buy them again.
I have been on weight watcher's for about 13 months.  I have lost 60 pounds.  The most important part to being on weight watchers is too find food items that let you feel like your not giving anything up.  Popchips do that for me.  They are only 2 points plus on weight watcher's.  They go great with every meal (salad,soup,sandwich,etc). I can not live without them.  So i say BUY BUY BUY AND BUY
Love these!  I'm not a fan of potato chips but these taste fresh and not at all greasy.  A little like Pringles but much tastier.
I am so happy to have discovered these chips. I hate stealing a phrase from another product, but they melt in your mouth. I have ordered and tried all flavors without disappointment.Just getting ready to place another order for these 100 calorie per bag, air popped chips. Do try them people!
Love the chips, nice 100 +/- calorie snack, reminds me of Munchos, but less greasy, flavors are good (salt & vinegar least favorite). And they've started shipping APO--thank you and my family thanks you (so they don't have to get the package and reship!) Made my day.
I won't get into all of the specifics of these chips as they are listed here on Amazon. However, I will talk about the product overall. It is very well packaged, the PopChips bags aren't flimsy or too loud. You don't have to worry much about these getting smashed while they're in a bag with heavier items. They hold their own. When trying new foods, snacks, flavors, I tend to purchase a variety pack so that I can sample everything. Let me tell you, these chips are packed with flavor but, it's not, in my opinion, too heavy or saturated. My favorites are the Barbecue Potato and Cheddar Potato by far. Very realistic, savory flavors. Then, there a couple that are not my favorite but, tasty with time. The Sea Salt and Pepper Potato and the Sea Salt and Vinegar Potato are a bit strong at first and, if you don't like those flavors, I would say you wouldn't like those chips but, they certainly accomplish the taste of those ingredients. Original Potato and Sour Cream and Onion Potato are also tasty but, nothing to necessarily rave about, for me at least. I would not call this a "diet" chip but, a healthy alternative to over processed chips. I saw a few complaints about the PopChips being "too salty" or "high in sodium". The chips can come across salty to a person who doesn't consume much salt but, per bag, these PopChips contain about as much sodium as a cup of plain yogurt. Overall, great buy. You just have to decide if the price tag is okay for you, and for me, it is.
Wow, these are remarkably tasty chips.  I discovered them through Weight Watchers and like the fact that they are low in calories and fat.<br />But they are high in flavor and umami.<br />I am now a big fan!
These are great because they're only 100 calories per pack and are just as good, if not better, than other chips out there.<br /><br />The "Original" style taste exactly like Munchos, but don't come with the high calorie count.  The other flavors (Sour Cream & Onion, Salt & Vinegar, Salt & Pepper, Cheddar, and BBQ) are all delicious, as well.
We liked these.  Quite good, even if they're 'healthy' @ 100 calories & 3 whole fat grams a bag. My favorites are the plain, the others are very strong flavored, very zippy!
I had seen these advertised on the Hungry Girl website but was not big on buying an expensive potato chip.  I was given a free bag at some event & found them to be tasty.  The single serve bags in the grocery store were $1 for a 0.8 oz bag.  Buy them from here and they are $21 for 24 1 oz bags. (Same amount of Weight Watchers points.) If you get two cases, shipping is free! Get them now before the states force the sales tax thing through!<br /><br />All of the flavors are really good.  I even liked the BBQ which I normally do not like in a chip. The cheddar have a good cheese taste and the salt'n'pepper have a kick. They do not leave a funny aftertaste or strange mouth coating like some of the other lower fat/calorie chips.
Love these chips.  They are perfectly seasoned and of course have no grease at all.  There is also not the cardboard taste of a baked chipped.  The popped texture of the potatoes is nice and light. They are only 100 calories a bag, but there are lots of chips in the bag so it's a great snack.  The ingredient list is also pretty wholesome without any strange chemicals added.  Fav flavor is probably salt and pepper or bbq.
I love chips and can easily go through an entire bag in one sitting. With Popchips single serve pouches, I can now feel good about snacking as each bag is only 100 calories. The single serve pouches also help in portion control. The larger bags are a slightly better value, but unless you have astounding self control, I would recommend the single serving option. They are that good! They easily stand up to any of the traditional fried chips I've ever had, and at half the fat and calories, how could you ask for anything more?<br /><br />The variety pack comes in 6 flavors: Original, Sour Cream and Onion, Salt and Pepper, Cheddar, Salt and Vinegar, and BBQ. My favorite flavors are Salt and Pepper and Cheddar. My least favorite is Salt and Vinegar, but I don't like ANY salt and vinegar flavored chip. My only wish is that this variety pack contained the Parmesan Garlic flavor which is VERY good, but extremely hard to find in local stores. I have ordered the Parmesan Garlic flavor in a 24 pack here on Amazon, but prefer the assortment that comes in the variety pack.<br /><br />At ~$17 after the subscribe and save discount, each bag costs only 70 cents. This is a bargain for these great tasting, healthy chips and I highly recommend you try them!
I was a little hesitant to try these, especially after reading such mixed reviews although overall they were positive. However, I liked the idea that they are healthier than regular chips and I figured they would be great for school lunches, quick snacks, etc. I decided to give them a try and figured if we did not like them, they could be donated.  I ordered a mixed case the first time around to see which flavors we liked more (or less) and thought that would give us a good sampling.  After deciding we liked most of the flavors, we decided to try other ones as well.<br /><br />Despite the flavor preferences, these chips do not taste like cardboard.  At first taste, they are a little crunchier and thicker than you might expect. I think this is a good thing, because it means they are not heavily-laden with oil.  The 0.8 oz bags are 100 calories each as well, which is much better than the other alternatives and gives you the enjoyment of chips without the extra calories, trans fat, etc.<br /><br />I have included a summary of opinions below from myself, friends and family for each flavor:<br /><br />Sea Salt & Vinegar - Great, the absolute favorite flavor for everyone<br />BBQ - Very good, I'm not crazy about BBQ to begin with but would say this flavor is "sweet" BBQ. Everyone else loved them.<br />Cheddar - Very Good, probably close in preference to the BBQ<br />Original Potato - Good, but a little salty (seems to fluctuate somewhat between bags)<br />Salt & Pepper - Good, everyone liked them but preferred other flavors more<br />Parmesan Garlic - Good, but overall was 50/50. You definitely taste more parmesan than garlic and most people were expecting the latter.<br />Sour Cream & Onion - Not so good, no one really liked these enough to want more or to even finish the bag<br /><br />I know taste is a very subjective thing, but I hope this review helps someone decide to give these a try. I did get them at a reduced price through subscribe & save, and shortly after my first order, Amazon had them on the Gold Box for an even better price.  I think the average price per bag came out to approximately forty six cents a bag and had free shipping under my prime account.
These are the greatest potato snack products I've found.  Only 2 points for Weight Watchers.  Really crispy and tasty.  All of the flavors are great.  My only complaint......it's difficult to open the little bags.  I need a pair of scissors, but I guess that keeps them fresher for longer so it's a great trade off.  I would recommend these chips to everyone.
I really like these chips.  They have a different texture than regular potato chips but I still find it really tasty.  Even my boyfriend, who is often averse to all things "healthy" and "low fat" will gobble these up rather quickly.  The variety packs are great because they allow you to have a little bit of everything, but of course the downside is that you may not like some flavors as much.  I find the original version to be a little bland by itself, and the sea salt and vinegar flavor might be too strong for some people.
I am potato chip-addicted. I don't only enjoy potato chips, but I also enjoy any type of potato product. This product really hit the mark for me.<br /><br />I consider these a full-fledged snack. Each bag is packed with chips. They are moderately seasoned, and full of flavor. The consistency is slightly like a popcorn cake -- but they're crisp and crunchy, not puffy. They have a distinct potato taste.<br /><br />The best part? Each bag clocks in at only 100 calories! And I repeat -- these are not a simple "100 calorie" snack. What you get here is a full bag of chips. What's great about the content vs. calorie content is that these are perfect to accompany your lunch without feeling guilty about eating a 200-300 calorie bag of chips.<br /><br />My personal favorites were the Sea Salt and Vinegar and the Original. The barbecue flavor is sweet, not smoky. The Salt and Pepper, Cheddar, and Sour Cream and Onion flavors are standard fair. But the chips are adequately and evenly seasoned and I did not notice differences in seasoning from one chip to the next.<br /><br />These are a great product, well manufactured, and a treat to eat. I'll definitely buy more of these in the future.
Wow, these chips are delicious!<br /><br />They're low in calorie and carb count. I can actually have a salty snack without feeling guilty about it and the taste is better then unhealthy oil-smothered grocery store chips.<br /><br />The sour cream & onion, salt & vinegar, and cheddar are my favorites!<br /><br />If you're weight conscience, want something healthy, or just want something that tastes good, buy these chips! You won't be disappointed!
This doesn't taste as addicting as the real fried potato chips, but it's still very good.<br />Considering it's low in calories and it's only popped..  it taste much better than the ones that are freeze dried.<br />These pops taste as light as the rice crispy treats, but with a good amount of flavor and crunch.<br />I like it, a small little pack that you can just grab when you feel like having something quick.<br />I keep then in my room in case if I ever get the cravings for chips.<br />All the flavors that come in are good too, no complains.<br /><br />The package also arrived fast and it's pretty cheap, I would recommend people who is watching calories to get this!
It felt weird ordering 24 bags of chips off the internet that I had never even tried before, but I am SO GLAD I DID. They are delicious! I've tried 4 flavors so far & have loved each one. These are a win. :)
We have these suto delivered.  They are a great healthy sub for potato chips and the snack bags are a perfect size.  Great crunch and we enjoy all the flavors.
These are my favorite chips! The BBQ and Salt & Pepper are the best!<br /><br />The texture of these things ROCK!<br /><br />All nicely packaged.<br /><br />Gluten free if you care. I don't but some have commented on that.
These chips are tasty and low in calorie.  If you are gluten free they are a great option as a to-go snack.  We love them.
The product arrived quickly. All bags and chips were in place...and safe ;-D These chips are delicious and only four WW points!
Overall the chips were very tastey. My pickey daughter even liked then so that is a real plus for me. Some flavors were better but all did meet my expectations. Try it and see for yourelf, Enjoy.
This chips are really good and it's fun getting the variety pack.  Now, are they as good as "regular" chips?  Probably not, but they're also not nearly as fattening and bad for you as regular chips.  Given that these are a healthier version if you want chips, I would highly recommend them!
I ordered this case of chips as a deal with some vita coco and it was a stellar deal. This size bag is perfect for snacking. The assortment of chips is great, there's something in there for everyone.
Love pop chips! The assortment package was a great find but would liked to be able to choose the flavor varieties I  wanted. Did not care for the sea salt and vinegar flavor but all the rest were great!
Delicious, light and full of flavor. It's difficult to decide what my favorite flavor is, but BBQ is amazing! I was impressed with the packaging, but I can't imagine it is too cost efficient or eco-friendly. That is my only complaint. Great product and guilt-free snacking.
Love these popchips.  They are all great.  Do not care for the salt & pepper flavors.  I wish manufacturer would come up with a variety pack that didn't include that flavor as that flavor is just wasted with each purchase I make (and I've made alot!).  The BBQ, Original, Salt & Vinegar and Sour cream & onion chips are superb!
I love Popchips. They may take some time getting used to if you're used to the oiliness of potato chips, but they're only 100 calories per bag. Buying a 24 pack saves you money per bag, but you're sooo tempted to eat them with so many bags around!
I'm very picky when it comes to chips. I've gone through so many, but this one really hits the spot. It has just the right amount of crunch, with just the right amount of flavor. It's also great to know that you're not eating something that's bad for you. With 100 calories a pack, it's definitely the ideal snack!
I loved this product, and it was better than what I thought it was going to be. My favorite was teh salt and vinger flavor (yum yum) but I hated the cheddar, and salt & pepper ones.
I am not going to lie. I will give you the strait dope. These things are like crack.<br /><br />I will polish off about 4-5 pages of these EASILY in a day (hence the freshman 50! that I have gained!) lol.<br /><br />If you love these, I suggest balancing them out with some kind of carb blocker.
+Really really tasty<br />+Much healthier than almost every other potato chip<br />+A variety of flavors, consider this a huge sampler<br /><br />-Sea Salt & Vinegar is crazy sour. Personally, I think they overdid it on the vinegar.<br />-It's hard to stop at one serving, but I take this as a sign of a good snack :P
My subscription of popchips arrived on time and not damaged.  I love the fact that I receive a great variety of chips which are healthier and at the same time very tasty and satisfying. The way the chips are packed for shipping is perfect! Having a subscription is the way to go and of course the price is so right!!!<br /><br />Thank you,
These were awesome!! They have a great crunchy texture and flavor and are very filling. I bought the variety pack to try all the flavors. Didn't care for the salt and pepper, but loved the rest. Will definitely buy more!
It is so wonderful to eat Pop Chips.  I am a loyal fan and will continue.  Tasty AND Healthy.<br /><br />/the flavors are good too and pleasing to everyone with their various choices.
what can I say... if you've had popchips in the past and love them... then no better place to pick them up... I love these chips and have bought them without an issue from Amazon.<br /><br />Thanks
I won them off a penny auction site. My 2 year old likes them plenty. I don't think there is any potato flavor, they taste more like ricecakes to me, but are ok. The salt and vinegar is strong holy cow!!
I do love PopChips. They work well with weight watchers, taste great and the crunch can't be beat. This pack has many flavors, with the salt and vinegar being my favorite, my husband loves the salt and pepper and my kids like original and cheddar.<br /><br />The one I miss is Sweet Potato. It is by far my favorite of the whole lot of flavors, but aren't included in this variety pack.
I was looking for a quality, low points (Weight Watchers (WW)), crunchy, salty snack.  I cannot stay on a diet if I feel deprived. WW's website had a coupon for these pricey chips.  Never had a "popped" chip before, so I gave it a whirl.<br /><br />Wow, the best crunch and flavor of all reduced-calorie chips I have ever tried.  Better than other brands' popped chips I have tried since.  I need portion control help and these little bags for 3 points do it for me.  The variety pack helps to break up any monotony.  My favorite flavor is the BBQ.  I am not a vinegar kinda guy.  The Salt and Vinegar flavor tastes like feet to me.  Love the rest of the flavors.  I love salt, so the saltiness is just right for me.  Thank goodness my blood pressure is not an issue.  I need these snackies.<br /><br />Lost 30 pounds so far in 3 months eating these.  Will probably buy them by the case in the Amazon auto order system to save on shipping.  I guess I plan on being a life-long fan. ...until something better comes along.
These are such a treat when you are craving that salty, crunchy snack. And the multi-box where you get a variety of flavors is perfect. Share it with son so they don't get stale but not much chance of that.  One of my "3 Points plus" Weight Watchers Snacks that I don't run out of!
Got these at a fraction of the price that they charge at the grocery store. This was a great buy. Thanks, Amazon!
I have subscribed these chips. They are so tasty. Not dry or oily. Cannot put it down once open a bag and have to have two bags in a row.
I love these chips. They are so delicious, it is so hard to eat just one bag. All the flavors allow you to taste them all.  My favorite flavor is the cheese ones. Go ahead and try them.  They are so delicious.
I found these chips originally at a local market.  However, I have been unable to find them since.  WHEW!  what a relief when I was able to locate them.  These chips have so much flavor, they're not greasy and they are crunchy.  I am a chip-a-holic and these are by far the best chips I have ever eaten.
These chips are great. Delicious and are healthier than your regular deli store chips. I have first purchased these from a supermarket and found them delicious. I found amazon to have them cheaper, and ordered from them as they had more variety of flavor. All the flavors were to my liking. The only con about this is that THEY ARE ADDICTING!!!. You are warned! I purchased these through Amazon.
these are the best chips ever. I will buy them again, wish more stores had them.The plain chips are my fav.
I'm sort of a health nut who has weened myself off highly-palatable junk food. Junk food is delicious but it ain't good for you. Conversely, healthy food has a bad rep for being disgusting but I honestly think that it's just something that requires training and acclimatization.<br /><br />I really like PopChips. They don't taste absolutely amazing to be honest but if you're someone who is trying to kick junk food out of your diet, this is a good way to fulfill a craving without succumbing to unhealthier junk foods. Each bag is only 100 calories, which is very helpful for portion control.<br /><br />For me, the taste is great. It's not amazing but it isn't awful. Sure there are better tasting chips out there but how much more unhealthier are they?<br /><br />I've tried small bags of PopChips from the vending machine (which I recommend doing before you buy a case). I haven't tried all over the flavors until I bought the case and I was a little disappointed with half of the flavors in the box. Fortunately, my boyfriend and I disagree on what tastes good so he likes the flavors I don't like and vice versa. It works out great for us and probably will work out great for family situations and parties where people usually don't have the tastes. However, if you plan on consuming these bags on your own over time I can almost guarantee that there will be a couple flavors that you won't like and it might just be worth it if you just buy a couple bags of flavors you do like.<br /><br />If you're not accustomed to the taste of 'healthy' food, you might not enjoy these at first. Either way, pop chips are worth a try. Probably not by the case though. i recommend trying out a few flavors if you can find a small bag at the shop or vending machine before you buy a big box of them.
I bought these to try them out and for the most part it was a success. There are 6 different flavors of chips. 5 of them were really good. The last one though was not. The salt and vinegar ones were very vinegary and it was too bitter for our tastes. Maybe some people like it but not us. All in all though, they were mostly very good in both taste and caloric content.<br />I would definitely buy a box with the flavors that I wanted.
This practically falls under the category of healthy snack - well, almost.  Single serving bags mean you won't be overeating and the fact that these aren't in anyway greasy because of the way they are made is a huge plus.  Nice crisp crunch.  The bags are filled with air, which for the most part do a good job of keeping the chips whole.  On the case that I got, though, two bags containted nothing but broken bits.  Of the rest most only had a couple of broken chips - some no broken ones at all.  I also noticed that you don't find nearly as much coating from flavoring on your fingers as I've experienced when eating other chips.<br /><br />Purchasing it by the case to try out all of the flavors is a good idea and a decent value.  Some of the flavors are incredibly strong, to the point that I don't like them, so I won't be ordering this mixed case again.  Salt and Pepper just tasted like pepper, making this a very hot tasting chip.  The Seasalt and Vinegar is really strong on the Vinegar, which is a taste I don't enjoy.  I love BBQ flavored chips, but again, this was kind of strong.  I probably wouldn't purchase the BBQ ones in the future, but wouldn't say no if someone offered them to me.  The Original is really bland compared to these others, but not bad.<br /><br />The ones I liked the most were the Sour Cream & Onion and the Cheddar, both with milder flavors.<br /><br />I'd give this 5 stars if I liked all of the flavors.  Definitely high marks for the type of chip and the size of the serving and the fact that you can try all of the flavors in one order.
Yes people, these things are healthier than the average chip and not only have flavor, but they taste good! I am not a big health food person, I'll take the grease if it makes it taste better. These are 100x better than those baked chips. My brother tried them while he was visiting and liked them so much it was one of the things he asked I mail him while deployed. Only draw back to these chips, they are definitely not for dipping.
Tried the BBQ Popchips for the first time and loved them so got the value pack to try more flavors. Loved them all except the salt and pepper chips which weren't that great. Good healthy snack without giving up the taste. So glad I discovered these! Salt and vinegar are my favorite! 100 cal/bag, 3.5g fat/bag
The chips were delicious. I didn't care much for the vinegar flavored chip but the other flavors were great. Didn't have any guilt eating this healthier snack.
I eat a bag of these every single day!  They are the best tasting good for you snack! Everyone should at least try them and you will be hooked.
Cheetos ever since I was kid were one of my favorite snacks,I mean who wouldn't like them? You can't go wrong with the original but decided to give this one a try. I'm not a fan of unbearably hot foods but I do like things with with a kick and since this had Jalapeno in it I was assuming it was hot...not so much. If you eat mildly hot foods this shouldn't bother you at all and definitely not if you like hot kind of food. I didn't even find them hot just have a unique kick of cheddery Jalapeno flavor. I would recommend to buy these at your local store if they carry them because this price on here is just insane, i buy mine for a little over 3 dollars for this bag. Overall I hope they decide to keep this one, cause they are amazing. And yes girls like these kind of snacks too :)! Love!
For you spicy lovers, these jalape&ntilde;o Cheetos are for you. The taste is great and I admit I did not expect them to be this good. One day I picked up a small bag at the corner store and by the end of the week I had about 4 empty bags in my Trash cans. Office snack a must! Unfortunately this product is too good to last and I fear it will meet the same fate as Wasabi Funyuns. Rarely does a spicy type of chip that actually tastes awesome become part of the standard sale roster. So enjoy these Awesome Jalape&ntilde;o Cheetos for as long as they last.
These are quite tasty and delicious, I love them....BUT the prices here are RIDICULOUS!!! Did I say Ridiculous? Oh So RIDICULOUS!!! But Im here to rate the product not the price...5 Stars for the Product.
A little costly but they are good and fresh too, not stale at all. Would recomend to any Cheetos fan.
This product works great for me.  I hate spending money on herbs just to use a little and have the rest go bad shortly after.  I put some herbs (mostly basil) in here and they were fresh for a few weeks!  No leakage probs either, the bottom is clearly labeled to twist to lock and the plug stays flush.<br />This thing has already paid for itself in money saved and looks pretty cool in my fridge and on the counter when I'm ready to cook.
I have had my herb savor for a few weeks now, and I was waiting to write a review until my herbs went bad, so I could tell you how long it takes, but it never happened. For the first time ever, I used all of the herbs before they went bad. I have not had any problems with leaking. Everything closes up nice and tight on mine. Plus, this thing just looks really cool!
I've had trouble storing fresh basil because I learned a long time ago not to put it in the fridge.  My cat is attracted to anything in the plant family (with disasterous results).  This keeps my basil fresh and the cat ignores it!
My wife bought me this for storing fresh herbs and despite initial skepticism I gave it a try. It seemed to work well enough for basil, even freshening up some wilted leaves... but the "seal the deal" moment was when I put some fresh thyme in it and put it in the back of my refrigerator where I mostly forgot about it. 6 weeks later (we were gone for 2 weeks on vacation) I opened it and the thyme was as fresh as the day it was cut. I doubt it would sustain all greens for this long but the fact that it kept thyme fresh for over a month longer than a plastic bag in the produce drawer would have made this an easy $10 to justify.<br /><br />It's always a nice surprise when a kitchen gadget delivers the goods.
I bought one of these about 4 or 5 months ago - and I LOVE it!  I have kept a combination of Rosemary, Thyme and parsley.  They have all kept fresh for more than 4 WEEKS!  No brown spots, no rotten leaves - just perfect.<br /><br />I Highly recommend this product - no problems with leaks or the plug not holding.
I am a college student who loves to cook and this was given to me about 4 months ago. I am so impressed with its ability to keep my herbs fresh for such a long period of time. It not only gives more options when I am cooking by having fresh herbs available, but also, its easy to clean, and stores easily in my small fridge. I really think this is a must have product for EVERYONE!<br /><br />And if interested in a larger one, I attached a link to the company site (Prepara), where you can see all their cool and innovative products.<br /><br />[...]
Actually saves my basil and cilantro for an extra week or two. Thats enough reason for me to buy! Before my basil and cilantro would last only a couple days and I would have to toss them out. This saves me money and a trip to the market!
I got this in my Christmas stocking from my stepfather.  We're both foodies, and try to cook like chefs in our homes.  I love this product.  I use this one for scallions/green onions which until recently always went bad before I could use all of them.  Sometimes I threw out more than 5, most times 2 or 3, but I honestly cannot remember the last time I used every single one.  That is, until now.  Inside the savor pod, they grow and keep for weeks (easily more than 3).  I am planning on buying the set of mini savor pods so I can actually use them for fresh herbs - storing my herbs in the same container as my onions is not a good idea.  The only drawback with this product is that the clear plastic cover is a little tricky to remove as others have mentioned, but wrestling with it is OK with me so long as I can use all my product before it goes bad.
I was amazed at how good this is for canned fruit (which I normally won't touch).  In particular I adore papayas and mangos.  The fruit juice instead of syrup is also very nice.  The easy pull-top on the can makes this a great item to stash in my desk drawer at work, so that I can have a fruit snack easily even if I was too busy or forgot to bring lunch.  So far I haven't gotten a can that had any problems.  The watermelon isn't crunchy - of course not! - but it's good, and certainly not "slimy".
This is great chilled and topped with fresh whipped cream.  It is my husband's new favorite dessert.<br /><br />I don't find the texture off-putting.  Of course, is isn't as crunchy as fresh fruit, but the taste is great.<br /><br />If I can get my husband to eat fruit instead of ice cream it gets an A in my book!
My 1 yr old Granddaughter, and I cannot get enough.<br />and it is good for you!
I'm a big fan of the Dirty Martini - but I simply can't eat enough olives to keep up!<br /><br />Love this stuff - Not quite as tangy as Dirty Sue, but still very vibrant.
We have reorderd this product many times...makes a great dirty martini..delivery is prompt, product well packed
This is an excellent product.  We always ran out of olive juice before we ran out of olives when making dirty martinis.  Now we have a terrific source for great tasting olive juice and our dirty martinis have never been better!
the last case (a different brand)we ordered from Amazon was so terrible we threw away the entire case.  However, the Boscoli brand is very good and we can enjoy a good dirty martini.
If you like Bloody Mary 's and dirty martinies this is a must. You won't be sorry. I'm so glad I found this product.
This stuff is outragous. It is simply the best olive juice on the market. I tried another brand and it did not come close to Boscoli. This stuff is actually better than the olive juice that comes from the jar of olives. I would highly recommend this product.
I've tried a few different 'Dirty Martini' mix's, etc. but I prefer the actual juice from the olive jar. Well, as any experienced dirty martini drinker knows; you soon have way too many olives and not enough juice. Boscoli Family Dirty Martini Olive Juice is the real thing. I usually buy 4 of the 25oz. bottles and that'll last me several months. Shipping is pricey but the bottles come not only packed in peanuts but also bubble wrapped. They pack 'em in a sturdy cardboard box and tape it up real well. I live in a rural area and usually get my order in about 4 days. Fantastic experience all the way around.
He never has enough juice left over from his jar of olives, we therefore end up with more olives then we can eat, just buying the juice makes alot of sense.
Excellent service & price for the product, order shipped quickly & received in good condition. Will be ordering again as long as the price stays this good. You really can't beat the price.
The olive juice I purchased was not only inexpensive, but has a great flavor.  I have looked for a long time to buy olive juice for martinis, but I could not find anyone that carried it.  thanks Amazon.
This product is great if you want a dirty martini, I highly recommend this product and it saves you from buying olives and wasting just to get the brine.
We use and buy sea salt instead of regular salt like sea salt came as promised in good condition have nothing else to say
Love this Balance Blend of Oils , especially in mix batters such as : Pancake , Cornbread ,Cake , Etc... , a good oil to ingest !
I used to buy these at World Market however they discontinued them :(<br />So I am forced to buy them online!  The rose and violet flavors are good however I did not like the anise flavor because they were too strong and licorice tasting for me.<br /><br />I carry these in my purse to freshen my breath and they are really good.<br />Also the tin is very cute.
Can't live without these little jewels.  Not only is there a surprise in the middle, but it takes me right to the French countryside while enjoying them.
A family favorite.  These are really unique treats.  The wonderful taste of flowers.  The violet and rose are great.  Orange blossom wasn't to my liking.  The company that makes them have been around for hundreds of years.  They are made in a small French town that was featured in a movie called "Chocolat."
I love these.  I love any floral flavored product. The best part is when people ask for a mint or candy or whatever,  offer these but don't tell the flavor.  The reactions are YouTube worthy.
I ordered these candies for the first time and I am hooked, they just have a hint of rose the flavor is not overwhelming. I really enjoy them. Highly recommended! Unique candy!
The flavor of this natural sea salt is more nuanced and a bit richer than the typical table salt we're all accustomed to, although describing such subtleties is difficult.<br /><br />One noteworthy fact is that this salt contains less sodium than conventional table salt - 330mg per 1/4 teaspoon, versus 590mg per 1/4 teaspoon of conventional table salt.<br /><br />Another thing to keep in mind is that this natural salt is NOT iodized.  As our thyroid glands require trace amounts of iodine, it may not be wise to entirely eliminate iodized salt from your diet.
i like it and i find the grinder bottle to be very convenient. i like the taste of it and i would definitely buy it again, and considering its healthy use for sure.
I bought this because my husband wanted to try the French sea salt as it was recommended on a cooking show.  The grinding mechanism works well and he seems to like it.  I did not realize, however, that it is not "iodized" and that may be a concern for some folks who need to make sure they take in enough daily iodine.
I really liked the taste. It is well priced too. It is a great and healthy alternative to table salt. I even used it on salad.
This is a fabulous gift! I ordered 3 and kept one to try-and they are awesome! The presentation is great, chocolates delicate, creamy, crunchy, and tasty, easy to eat, not heavy. For a mass produced line, this is a real winner. Better than most out there in its price range. Love the 3 different flavors. Will buy again. Great hostess gift.
I ordered this for a friend at South Carolina for Christmas, i want her to try some Italian chocolates, lol!<br /><br />The item was arrived earlier than expected, but, nevertheless, it was well packed and only melts on her mouth, she totally loves it.<br /><br />Three different taste and flavors of Ferreros guarantees to give three different yummy joy, Mmmmm....
This item was received early.  It was packaged well and in excellent shape!  This was a gift and I am sure it will be received well.  After all, Ferrero chocolates..what's not to like!!!<br /><br />Thanks for the excellent service.  Would use this seller again and would highly recommend!!
I bought this as my first pack of K-cups, its definitely a good buy! Assortments are always a little more expensive, this one is very well priced. you get 6 of each and one of them only has 5, thank god they picked decaf for the small one! Great coffee, if I hadn't discovered club keurig I would still be buying these!
We'll see how these work out in our family over time. I'm not sure that I am disciplined enough to make good use of them, although it might be a good technique for teaching my dog. They appear to be good for what they are, a very tiny, but healthy, reward. Right now I can visualize them being used as a reward for following commands, a training tool. I was surprised at how tiny these treats were. They seem to taste good enough, but they are miniscule! They are just a fraction longer than a small paperclip and about half as wide, maybe 1/4 as thick.<br /><br />My dog was a little annoyed, but took it when I gave it to him. That was yesterday. Today he came in excited to get his "treat", looked at it as if to say, "You've GOT to be KIDDING!" Then he took it and ate it. A little later I offered him another one. He put it on the floor and looked hopefully at his stash of larger treats, but when he didn't get one, he went back and took this one.<br /><br />I think these might be good for rewards for obeying commands. Treats? That's stretching it.<br /><br />They may also be good for my son's dog who rarely gets treats because she's overweight and would eat the whole entire refrigerator full of food if allowed. At least she would get a treat. Large treats take her 5 seconds. She'll probably inhale these, one second max.<br /><br />I like the fact that these are low-fat, with no added salt, no refined sugar, no artificial flavors, colors or preservatives. It says, "Treats Baked With Natural Peanut Butter."
I use these for training treats.  I have a large and small dog and this works for both of them.  They are all natural and my pups love the taste.  I highly recommend these!  I also tried the Three Dog Bakery Apple Oatmeal Woofers and those were a big hit.
I've never been addicted to candy.  In fact, I don't usually like candy with the occasional exception of Halloween and that moment when you just need something sweet.  But these little guys, watch out.  It might SEEM like a 12 pack is a lot, but hold on to your seat when you put the very first one onto your vestal tongue.  A 12 pack will seem like there's a shortage of caramels in the world. LOL.<br /><br />I tried to come up with a way to explain the most awesome flavor in the world and I just can't.  To me it's like eating anything and everything in the world you ate that made you feel like "Ahhh, that's it."<br /><br />I can only hope that the gubment doesn't put a tax on it like cigs because then I'd have to put myself into an institution.
I am a BzzAgent and I recently received a package of these to try.  I have to say that I absolutely LOVE the flavor of these candies.  I am usually not a big candy eater, but I have to say that I was really impressed.  The Werther's Chewy Caramels were so richly flavored and chewy that I couldn't stop at just one (I usually stop at one for most other candies).  They have a great buttery flavor that makes my mouth water just thinking about them.  I like the fact that they have some great ingredients, like cream and butter, but I had to deduct one star for the fact that there are artificial flavors in them (I am an avid label reader and try to stay away from any artificial ingredients).  As far as the taste goes, my kids and my husband were constantly in the pantry looking to grab another candy, so I can confidently say these were a huge hit in our family.  It was also a great incentive for the kids to eat their vegetables at dinner- they certainly cleaned their plate to have a couple of caramels for dessert.  If you are having a party, these would be great set out in a candy dish.  There will be none left by the end!
GREAT CANDY AS ALWAYS FROM WERTHER'S ORIGINAL CANDY, HARD OR CHEWY CARAMELS ARE BUT TWO OF THE CANDY THEY MAKE THAT IS OUTSTANDING. IT SEEMS THAT YOU CAN NOT KEEP IT IN STOCK AND ARE ALWAYS OUT OR JUST HAVE A BAG OR TWO LEFT TO SALE.
I reviewed Werther's original chewy caramels, caramel chocolates, and creamy filled<br />hard caramels as a BzzAgent and found the chewy caramels came a close second to the<br />original hard candies.  Still has that great unique caramel flavor from Werther's but<br />now in a chewable form.  I prefer the original hard candy as those little gems last<br />a little longer but these are a nice second choice.
I received this mix along with a waffle maker as a gift.  It's so good that I keep buying this same brand mix when I run out.<br /><br />I cut the Farmhouse Waffles recipe in half (so that's 1 cup Farmhouse Pancake and Waffle Mix; 1 egg; 5/8 cup water; 2 tablespoon melted butter) and it's more than enough batter for 2 waffles in a full-size Belgian waffle maker.<br /><br />Easy to make and very tasty.
Nothing can compare to the waffle mix delivered by Stonewall kitchen.  My mom complained about the price but I think the quality deserves the higher price than the regular pancake/waffle mix.  The waffle comes out golden and crispy.  I was using the Presto 03510 FlipSide Waffle Maker.
I have been making Belgian waffles using the Stonewall Kitchen Farmhouse Pancake and Waffle Mix for over three years.  My waffles are undoubtedly the best ever!!!  I like my waffles light and crisp - I can't stand a heavy soggy waffle. These just melt in your mouth.  I have made homemade waffles, but I have yet to find anything that can compare to this mix.
This is a delicious recipe and ingredients and the one I use. A bit pricy but if you don't mind the price point it makes a wonderful waffle. Combine this with a Waring Waffle maker and you could be in Waffle Heaven.
I have to laugh at the reviews that said it was too much work.  So you have to add an egg & a little butter!  It is well worth it.  I am not a cook at all and these come out perfect everytime.  They are crisp on the outside and fluffy on the inside. My family loves, loves them.  The only thing different I do is instead of the extra 2 tbsp of water they call for, I add 2 tbsp of vanilla in place of. Best waffle mix!!
I had read some favorable reviews of this pancake mix on Amazon quite a while ago.  I had never ordered any, but I came across a can of it in one of those outdoor,camping stores last Christmas.  I have been using it ever since to make my dieting harder, and can honestly say I have never enjoyed the struggle so much.  Pancake mixes are usually one of those things that usually I buy the cheapest I can find, or at least one that I am familiar with.  I tend to balk at higher priced mixes for the most part. But every now and then I get curious of a brand like this one. It just so happens that when I visited this camping store, I was getting ready to take a short hike as soon as the holidays were over, and pancake mix has always been one of my staple items to take along.  Unfortunately it wasn't 'till I left that I realized that this mix was not one of the "just add water" ones that we all know and love.  The best ones always needed your own addition of eggs, milk, butter, etc, and this one is no exception in that respect.  So instead of enjoying this mix on the trail, I have been making pancakes in the wilds of my very own kitchen.  I really don't know what it is about this mix that makes it so good, but it does indeed make some of the best and most delicious pancakes I have ever tasted from a mix.  They are very light, fluffy, and flavorful, and well worth the price and ingredients that you have to add yourself.  If you have a pancake fiend in your home, I would highly suggest you buy some of this great mix. Its cheaper here on Amazon than I paid for it and well worth it in my opinion. I have had lots of different kinds over the years, and this makes some truly delicious pancakes.... Highly recommended...
I was expecting great things based on the reviews. While it IS good, it's not great. I believe my waffles made from Bisquick were just as tasty as these, and this costs quite a bit more. The instructions ARE very easy to follow though, and I DO like the canister for storage.
I love this pancake mix.  I bought my first can from Whole Foods Market about a year ago.  My only complaint is, for all the work you have to put into making them (at least the pancakes anyway) you could just as easily make pancakes from scratch.  You have to add your own egg, whole milk, and melted butter.  One thing I have noticed about this mix is that it's relatively difficult to burn the pancakes.  It is, however, easy to overcook them.
What can i say??  They are wonderful, and the highlight of each weekend.  OHHHhhh  - use soda water for the liquid !  even better !!!
I usually make pancakes from scratch and have never found a mix that doesn't taste "off" to me.  This mix is the best!!!  My family and I love the way it tastes and it is so quick and easy.
This is the best tasting pancake mix in the market and it is so easy to make.
My family absolutely loves this pancake and waffle mix. The texture and taste is the best out there, especially when using our waffle maker. You can add fruit and other items to the mix and be as creative as you wish. Your price is great and delivery can't be beat. We recommend it to everyone!!
We use the Farmhouse Pancake and Waffle Mix to make delicious Belgian Waffles in our <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001BXM2LU">Waring WMK300A Pro Professional Stainless-Steel Belgian Waffle Maker</a>. We have tried waffles using <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003BQPZGE">Krusteaz Waffle Mix Belgian 28-oz</a>, <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001EO6BFE">Golden Malted All Natural Waffle & Pancake Mix, 33-Ounce Containers (Pack of 3)</a>, <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001SB1UJA">Maple Grove Farms Waffle Mix Belgian, 24-Ounce (Pack of 6)</a>, and the waffle recipe from <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0029JYTSY">Aunt Jemima Pancake Mix, 32-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 6)</a>. In a highly (un)scientific blind taste test involving my three children, the Farmhouse Pancake and Waffle mix was the unanimous choice.<br /><br />I make a triple batch according to the instructions--although i use only one tablespoon of melted butter instead of three--and the batter stores well in the fridge for up to four days. The triple batch makes 4 1/2 waffles on our waffle maker and they are crispy, light, and golden brown.<br /><br />This brand is slightly more expensive per waffle than the normal grocery store brands (like Krusteaz), but our family thinks the taste is worth it. As an aside, my son has a soy allergy and this mix is free of soy--unlike most other brands.
I love Belgian waffles and this mix makes a delicious waffle without all the trouble of making them from scratch.  They are really good, and I'm fussy.  I haven't tried them as pancakes yet.
These pancakes just hit the spot and make me feel like I am eating a restaurant breakfast at home for a lot less money. Splurge on this and the good maple syrup...it really is cheaper than going to Denny's or IHOP where a meal for two will be $20 minimum.
Let me start by saying my family loves this stuff.  It has a fairly strong flavor of vanilla.  It cooks up nicce and light.  My problem with this product is the recent price increase.  It was a good product at a fair price but now it is pricey.  All-in-all I would suggest that you order this at least once to taste what good pancakes are supposed to taste like.  After that I would suggest playing with recepies on your own.
My family was lucky enough to get this product several years ago from a friend.  My daughter will not eat any other pancake mix and everyone I fix them for thinks they are outstanding.
I bought a Belgian waffle maker sort of on a whim and I was then confronted with the question: What waffle mix do I use? Somehow "Hungry Jack" felt like an afront to such a sublime kitchen appliance. I read the reviews here on Amazon and concluded that despite the rather high price, Stonewall would be a great choice. Bang! Nailed it the first time. Now, I don't know if my waffle maker is particularly large/deep, but I get only two and one half waffles out of each batch (following the recipe on the label). I don't dare water it down to try to stretch it out and I figure I only got about 10 batches of waffles out of one can. The cost-per-waffle is steep, but these have never failed to come out light on the inside, slightly crisp on the outside, and they have NEVER stuck to the waffle iron. Grudgingly, even though I see the price has gone up a dollar per can, I will be reordering, but if it goes up any higher, I may have to try another brand.
I'm sorry not everyone likes this mix, but we love it. It is like going to a gourmet restaurant! (yeah - a gourmet WAFFLE restaurant...) The waffles taste and turn out great, and so easy. Hard for us to believe, but it seems it's not for everyone.
This is the pancake mix we go to when we don't have buttermilk in the fridge (don't think the vinegar trick is worth it so we always do fresh) to make Alton Brown's buttermilk pancake recipe.  This Stonewall mix is a good option and the flavor is the best of any store bought mix by far! It might cost more, but it really is superior to the other prepared mixes.
Stonewall Kitchen products are a big favorite at our house.  This pancake mix makes the best pancakes you will ever eat.  We add fresh blueberries to them, and top them with the Stonewall Blueberry Syrup, which you can buy on their website.  They make wonderful jams and jellies too, as well as sauces, and flavored syrups.  Try this pancake mix though, you won't be disappointed!
This is great pancake and waffle batter that was recommended by Amazon so I bought it and have been very satisfied with my purchase.  It makes the best waffles every time I have used it and that being said I am sold on this product.  I will be ordering more as we really like how easy it is to make.  I would highly recommend that everyone try this who likes pancakes and waffles it is delicious and very economical.
I have been using this pancake and waffle mix for about 5 or 6 years and I have to say this is the best.  The waffles come out crisp on the outside and light and fluffy on the inside.  I've tried other mixes but they do not compare to this mix.  I use the Waring Pro Waffle Maker and my waffles come out beautiful everytime.  I follow the directions on the canister and never have a problem with the results.
This is THE king of pancake mixes.  Easy, foolproof, and delicious, it makes the best pancakes I've ever tasted.  We've been buying it for several years, and the pancakes consistently come out light and delicious.  Simply add an egg, buttermilk, and melted butter.  Cook them on a nice hot skillet for a yummy anytime meal!
Makes perfect, delicious, crisp on the outside and soft on the inside, waffles in minutes. Worth every penny!
I purchased this mix to use with my new Presto FlipSide Belgian Waffle Maker and am very pleased with the results.  It took 3 cups of this mix to make 6 large Belgian Waffles and they cooked to perfection after only 4 minutes!  The flavor of this mix is slightly sweet but there is no aftertaste to it like you get with cheap commercial brands like Bisquick.  I'll be buying more, for sure!
I received this as a gift a few weeks ago.  It is by far the best home made pancakes I have every had.  The taste and consistancy is excellent.  Blueberries mix very well with this product and the container is desinged to keep the product fresh and not let moths in.  You pay a little more but it is worth it in my opinion
Makes very good, light waffles. Seems to be exactly the same as Carbon's Golden Malted waffle mix. Only this is more expensive.
Bought a great waffle maker two years ago.  Tried many recipes for making waffles, nothing really pleased the family. Well, until I followed a recommendation to try Stonewall Waffles.  Believe me it is not like Bisquick as I thought it might be, it is so much better I was shocked.  And well now the family loves them and looks forward to Sunday waffles every couple weeks.  I even double up the ingredients so I can make extras which we cut into smaller sections and freeze them.  These can then be used for toster waffles and a quick breakfast.  Forget the Eggos even as frozen waffles these are great.<br /><br />What do I like best about them?  The waffles come out light and fluffy.  They are crisp and hold up well to being filled with strawberries, nuts or whatever toppings you may choose.  In no way do they feel heavy or soggy.  They are a snap to prepare, and take just 3 minutes in the waffle maker. Lastly the whole family loves them.  So despite the higher price it is well worth every penny.
Bought this mix along with the Cuisinart waffle maker.  Delicious.  We followed the directions and it made only one Belgian waffle.  The next time we doubled the recipe and it came out the right amount.  Good flavor and easy to use.
I have a Waring belgian waffle maker and was looking for a good batter to use. I tried this based on reviews and with add my strong recommendation for this mix.<br /><br />It was very easy to make and the waffles had a wonderful flavor ... loved the malt flavor that came through.<br /><br />I will definitely be buying more when the current mix runs out.
This mix makes great tasting waffles.  A little extra work and expense but worth it.  Need to stretch the recipe a little bit to make 2 full waffles on my new Presto Flipside Belgian Waffle Maker.
I got this as a gift and liked the flavor but I wasn't crazy about the texture.  I like fluffy pancakes and believe it or not, imo, Aunt Jemima's buttermilk ready mix is the best one out there and it's so easy to make.<br />Of course, the best tasting waffles are made by me from scratch with buttermilk and all.=)<br />Overall, I think buying gourmet pancake mix is one of the biggest waste of money.  And it still requires you to put melted butter, milk, etc.<br />I am sticking with my own recipes and Aunt Jemima's if I am in a hurry.
Stonewall Kitchen Farmhouse Pancake and Waffle Mix is our favorite.  Consistently excellent with a nice malty flavor.  The 33 ounce cans are a Good value for the quality. I highly recommend this product.
This mix is the kids' and family favorite. It tastes like vanilla. It's wonderful for pancakes or waffles.
This waffle and pancake mix is delicious!  You can taste a subtle hint of vanilla in them.  They are the only pancakes/waffles that my kids love and the house smells wonderful when they are cooking!
My family loves waffles. We have been trying to make homeade waffles for a while but when my second child was born, we got tired of all the mixing and measuring. We chose this batter mix because the reviews were so great. They take no time to mix. The dough comes out a bit runny but if you fill the bottom of the waffle iron completely, you get the fluffiest Belgian waffles. We are using the Chefman rotatable iron. I highly recommend this batter if you like waffles quick. You can add a little cinnamon and sugar too to spice it up.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001E5E29A">Stonewall Kitchen Farmhouse Pancake and Waffle Mix, 33-Ounce Cans (Pack of 2)</a><br /> The family said they were the best that I had made. The 10 Grandchildren ate all that was served to them.<br />The parents, who I have served pancakes to for a long, also said they were the best they have eaton. It was good to see the little ones clean up their plates.
We have pancakes once a week and this is our go-to mix. It is incredibly easy to prepare, and I add a handful of chocolate chips, pieces of banana/strawberries/peach slices or whatever else people would like onto the individual pancake while it is cooking in the pan. No need to buy different flavors you can customize it yourself.
We first had Stonewall Waffle Mix when we received it in a gift basket about a year and half ago.  We have been using it ever since.  The flavor of the waffles are absolutely out of this world.  We won't ever go back to Bisquick for our waffles!
This has become a breakfast staple for our home. Now nearly every Sunday morning, we are making pancakes. We've got the Vermont Mapel syrup, eggs, sausage or bacon and we're set for the day with a just a light snack-type dinner. Use bettermilk for the absolute best results.
Great mixed for Belgium waffles, family thinks it's the best.  Must try it and order it from Amazon.  I let friends know to use this product.
I found it so hard to believe anyone could give this mix 1 star, I had to read those reviews. Two of them seem like ads for Robs Red Mill, and the other one didn't make any sense. You must be looking for pancakes or waffles, so do yourself a favor and give these a go. They are delicious
The entire family loved this pancake mix. It was easy to make and tasted great. We tried it with syrup, powdered sugar, as well as fresh strawberries and apple compote. I would definately purchase this again. The only problem is my family wants this every weekend and I have to double to feed my large family. It gets expensive quickly, so I do not order it as often as they would like.
we love this pancake / waffle mix.  It's hard to please everyone but this item does the trick.  Crispy, light, tender, yummy!
This was the best pancake/waffle mix ever! Wonderful for breakfast or dinner. It was a great price and worth it! My husband and boys kept complimenting the waffles I made and ate them fast--I could hardly keep up. Definitely recommend Stonewall Kitchen Farmhouse pancake and waffle mix! You do have to add a few ingredients, but it is well worth the effort.
This product is great.  Just add egg, water, and butter (I used oil).  I will never make waffles from scratch again.
We made this purchase based on our daughter's recommendation and it is as good as she promised. We have a new flip-style waffle iron and this mix provides us with a wonderful breakfast. We add fresh strawberries or blueberries to the top along with syrup and it is scrumdiddlyumptous!
I have had waffles from other mixes that are too sweet.  I have also made them from scratch.<br />I like my waffles with NO Sugar in them, because I don't like too much sugar.  This mix is very good.  Waffles are just the right consitancy for me and the mix is easy to prepare.
We received a gift box that contained the Stonewall Farms Pancake Mix and they were out of this world. They are the lightest, fluffy and flavorful pancakes and waffles you will ever taste.  And the price on Amazon is a big savings over ordering from Stonewall Farms.  Don't shy away from the larger size and the two pack because you will devour these pancakes in no time.
This is a GREAT waffle mix! I have allergies to preservatives and to find food in general that is great tasting without the preservatives is a huge challenge. I have tried several other mixes and this one is by far the best. I totally don't understand the reviews about the bad taste and "all the chemicals"--read labels of other mixes and you will see this one is not full of all those ingredients. There are certain kinds of ingredients that these mixes need, such as levening, and when you use REAL butter, NOT the "tub" butter that contains water and other nasty stuff, these are THE BEST WAFFLES EVER!
This lands in the gormet category for sure.  Having these pancakes is like going to a resturant and having exceptional pancakes that you would expect to get at home.  The price is a bit high but you know that before you buy them so its not fair to downgrade the product bnecause of that.<br /><br />They cook up nicely and one pack of two goes a long time.
I use this as the base for my waffles.  Use 2 small bananas mashed, 3/4T cinammon, 1T vanilla, and 1/2 cup gratted pecans and then blend it all together.  You need to let it cook a much longer period of time at a lower then normal temperature and you need to cut back on the amount of water used. You need to know what the consistency of the waffle mixture should be before you attempt this recipe so that you can determine the amount of water to use.  This is a somewhat tricky recipe since it's easy for the waffles to stick and pull apart.  One banana makes it easier but I've had some success with three bananas.  Banana's are better overripe.
I'm not normally a big fan of mixes but this is a great waffle mix.  It's quick, easy, and produces delicious waffles.  Yes, it's pricier than some of the other mixes on Amazon but I think it's worth it.
This is a great mix. I mixed it with milk instead of water.  Just follow the directions.
This is my favorite waffle mix (it can be used to make pancakes too, but you have to add milk, and we don't usually have milk in the house).  You have to add water, 1 egg, and melted butter for the waffle recipe.  We eat waffles about once a week.<br /><br />Apart from the fact that it tastes great (it has a little vanilla and malt mixed in), it has NO trans fat.  Some pancake/waffle mixes, such as Krustead's which also tastes really good, say they have no trans fat PER SERVING, but if it has partially hydrogenated vegetable oil in the ingredients, there is still some (less than than 1 percent) trans fat per serving.  Stonewall has none.<br /><br />We used to have a store that sold it locally, but now we don't so I am glad we can get it online.<br /><br />The can comes with a recipe that is perfect for making two belgian waffles with no leftover batter.<br /><br />We just bought the regular mix but we are going to try the other flavors next.
I originally received this mix as a gift from a friend in a gift pack.  When my family tried it as a gift they loved it immediately.  It is super yummy waffle mix.  The waffles turn out tasting so delicious you do not need to add any toppings or butter to them.  Here I am on amazon.com placing yet another order for this Waffle mix, it goes quickly around my house since it is now everyone's favorite breakfast item.
We are into our third can of this flavorful and easy mix and it just seems to get better and better!  Sunday is pancake day at our house, and today we had blueberry pancakes with real maple syrup.  This mix holds fresh blueberries nicely - don't over-mix the ingredients and you will get nice, fluffy fruit-filled (or not) pancakes that are absolutely first-rate.
We first received Stonewall pancakes as a gift. We have ordered them 2x on Amazon who has the best prices. Highly recommend this product. Will return here to buy more...
I bought this on a whim because I found some jam made by the same company and absolutely loved it. I didn't expect much more than basic waffle and pancake mix. This is so much better.<br /><br />It's easy to use and makes moist, fluffy pancakes that are to die for. I am never buying Bisquick again.
I have used this product for a few years now. This being the first time from Amazon. I'm glad it was there. This is by far the best pancake/waffle mix on the market bar NONE !
The pancakes were delicious, but they weren't as fluffy as the ones I normally make.  Next time I use this, I'm going to whip the egg whites and see if that helps.
I found these at a super Gold Box pricing one day otherwise I would not have looked twice at 16.00 pancake mix.  Now we are hooked - nothing compares to this mix.  I've tried every box in the store for our belgian waffle maker and these top them all!<br />Waffles are nice and crisp on the outside and super soft on the inside. They are so dense they don't absorb syrup or toppings.  I will buy this over and over again.
On a whim, I picked up a two-pack of Stonewall Kitchen Farmhouse Pancake and Waffle Mix recently, enticed in some measure by the already positive reviews here--and I will add to those by noting that we will be keeping a supply on hand in our pantry.<br /><br />I really did not expect that this easy-to-prepare mix would yield waffles better than the from-scratch recipes I had been using, but now the waffle iron is stashed within easy reach after being banished to the recesses of the cabinets for the last few years.<br /><br />Being able to whip out crisp, airy, light, malty waffles does wonders for one's popularity in the kitchen, and pairing these with real maple syrup and fresh blueberries is the way to go.
No matter how you mess up the recipe, this Mix still makes my family happy in the Sunday morning :)
I hope Amazon restocks this item always.I can't stand the other brands out there since it got this brand.And the price is right at Amazon to.
Heavily touted by the reviews, decided to try.  Mix is good, but not great.  Probably wouldn't buy again.
This is the best pancake mix!  I've sent this to several people, and they all love it. The two-pack makes a nice little gift.
Recently, my life partner was complaining about our same ole breakfast every morning.  That is when I discovered that he "loves" pancakes. I was aware that he liked waffles. (We've only been together almost five years!)  I, on the other hand, have never cared for pancakes.  I loved my Gram's waffles, but nothing she did could tempt me to eat pancakes, no amount of butter or slathering with strawberry jam could make a difference. I just didn't care for PANCAKES!  She did insist on teaching me how to make and cook them, because my Daddy enjoyed pancakes, so I learned.<br />I was in Central Market on Saturday when I ran into a co-worker and her husband.  They took me by the hand from the Baking Products isle to the Jams, Jelly, Syrup, Honey isle.  On the top shelf was "the very best pancake mix":  Stonewall Kitchen Farmhouse Pancake and Waffle Mix. I saw the price and took a deep breath, it was twice the price of the mix I had just been contemplating purchasing. On their recommendation, I tossed it in the cart along with some "real" organic, light amber, maple syrup.<br />This morning, I fixed three small (3 inch diameter) pancakes for my man and one for myself just to taste. I needed to know!<br />Well, I don't believe I have ever had real maple syrup before in my life, just that sugar processed krapola sold as pancake syrup. I have NEVER liked that stuff!<br />That pancake with a tiny dribble of real maple syrup was DELICIOUS! It was the pancake mix that made the difference.<br />Now I am reading reviews to purchase a waffle maker.  After tasting that light, fluffy pancake, I can hardly wait to have some waffles made from this mix.  These reviews are making my mouth water with anticipation!<br />I will never buy any thing else.
I'm not sure why, but this is our favorite pancake & waffle mix.  Just tastes the best to us.
I hope Amazon always carries this product too. I have ordered it twice. Excellent product for the price. Yum-O!
As a new Keurig owner, I'm trying as many "sampler" packs as possible to determine what both my husband and I like the most.<br /><br />Although quite pricey and not coming in the cute gift box some other "Crazy Cups" purchases have been received in, I am enjoying this variety thoroughly.  It is almost entirely iced drinks and this sampler pack had a good mix of the following:<br /><br />Southern Sweet Tea, Unsweetened Black Tea, Raspberry Sweet Tea, Peach Sweet Tea, Sweet Lemon Tea, Half & Half Tea and a few different iced coffee k-cups.  Additionally, there were a few seasonal Island Coconut which my husband loves.<br /><br />I would consider purchasing variety packs as my main source of k-cups, but at a price of over 90 cents a cup I can't justify the cost.  However, this is a good starting point to narrow down some favorites to purchase in single flavor boxes!<br /><br />If these were presented in the gift boxes they use for other samplers, this would be a very ideal gift/house warming present for these hot summer months!  I don't mind them not being in a gift box, but I could have at least used that as an excuse to myself for the price.
very good price and we love our keurig trying the summer flavors are great and will probably order more before the end of the summer.
I haven't had a chance to try these out yet, but I thought I would go ahead and mention that I received 5 each of the following 7 flavors:<br /><br />- Sweet Rasberry Black Iced Tea<br />- Southern Sweet Iced Tea<br />- Sweet Lemon Iced Tea<br />- French Vanilla Iced Coffee<br />- Nantucket Blend Iced Coffee<br />- Gingerbread Coffee<br />- Eggnog Coffee<br /><br />Fortunately I'm okay with this, as I was wondering how the Gingerbread and Eggnog tasted as well. You might feel differently though, and might want to know since this seems to be the only variety pack of iced k-cups.
There are some types I really like--especially Southern Sweet Tea (which is actually a lot less sweet than Southerners really make it).  The raspberry and peach are also good, and not overly sweet.  Urologist has banned artificial sweeteners from me as they do kidney damage.<br /><br />I did not care for the herbals, and thought there was a bit too much green tea in the assortment--but I found friends who like those flavors.<br /><br />It was to taste test, and it was fine for that.  I don't think I will buy assortments again, as I have found what I really like.
I got this on a special and we are coffee lovers and like to try different kinds although Yuban is our everyday coffee. Well this was a surprise! Nice and flavorful, not bitter, smooth and maybe not as strong as Yuban in the same amounts the was all there. If they start selling this in lagers amounts for a better everyday price I would buy more but as is its very pricey.
This was a new product to me.  They were very tasty, crisp, and surprisingly delicious.  I was very pleased with this product.
I was very pleased to stumble upon this brand, as it is difficult to find "healthy" snacks for families that don't contain GMO ingredients. These were a big hit with kids and grown-ups alike; added bonus that they are low in calories and gluten-free. I would highly recommend the sweet potato flavor, as well as the brand in general. Great new company!
This product was a gift to a far distant relative.  It arrived right on schedule, in perfect condition and she loved the choices inside the basket.  I cannot attest to the food personally, but she loved it!
I always disliked soggy or soft crackers with my peanut butter.  And since I also had discovered I was allergic to wheat, I wanted and needed an alternative.  I originally found these Kame Rice Crunch crackers in Kroger supermarkets.  From the first bite, I loved them, and I wished I had discovered them years ago.  The plain variety has just the right amount of salt for taste, and they are perfectly crunchy and light.  I've occasionally had a hard time finding them, so I'm THRILLED that Amazon is now carrying them.  Give these a try, they are delicious!!
These things are addicting and low in calories and fat too.  I love the Wasabi flavor.
I would recomend this product for it's fine qualities and taste really good. Very nice and crisp for any snack or with meals when you want to help on the lowering of carbohydrate intake.
THESE CRACKERS ARE A GREAT SNACK! NO CHOLESTORAL, AND THEY USE SEA SALT. VERY CRUNCHY, SO ITS LIKE EATING POTATO CHIPS, BUT BETTER FOR YOU. COMES IN DIFFERENT FLAVORS, BUT I PREFER THE PLAIN. I HAVE FOUND THAT THE SALT CONTENT IS DIFFERENT ON SOME PURCHASES, SOMETIMES VERY SALTY AND SOMETIMES HARDLY ANY SALT, MUST BE A PROBLEM ON THE PRODUCTION LINE. THESE CRACKERS BECOME ADDICTING, BUT ITS OK CAUSE RICE IS GOOD FOR US!
I'm so dissapointed these are unavailable right now! I LOVE these crackers with cream cheese - it's my favorite snack! I hope they become available again soon! I can't find them anywhere!
I got 1 pack of these from my local grocery store and tasted them for the first time. To me, they taste just like corn nuts. They are quite hard, so I wouldn't recommend to anyone who doesn't like hard foods. They are crispy and delicious snacks tho. Will buy more. :D
This is an excellent product for the non-gluten diet.  They're good alone as a snack, or you can make a light meal with them by using these rice crackers as a base for spreads or little crispy sandwiches.  Excellent substitute for crackers containing gluten.  Only criticism - wish the price would come down.
Not as good as Sesmark Savory Rice Minis, but these are available at least. They are VERY good. More healthy than potato chips and a bigger crunch. Mmmmmmmm . . .
First time buyer of KA-ME Rice Crackers and I'm very impressed. These are very light, crisp and flavorful. They are as good plain as they are with cold cuts, fruit, etc. Unfortunately, the ones I purchased may be the last I get from this source. Right after I purchased the dozen packs, the price per dozen increased 44% to its present $37.99. Fortunately, I have enough to last a while, but assuming the price stays the same, these are my last KA-ME.
Crackers are great.  Was glad to find them. There is a good selection of flavors.  My favorite is salted, but there are other choices.
Local availability of the Plain variety of these crackers has been unpredictable with stores trimming inventory and dropping all but the highest volume SKUs. Buying on subscription makes it affordable and, so far, reliable.
These rice crackers are truly delicious w/cheese or Peanut butter.  Also I can eat crackers w/o Gluten. As I am allergic to wheat, eggs, Gluten, and Bannas.<br />This is my favorite snack on Sunday nights. They come promptly and save me money. Thank you. J. Wolf
I love these crackers!  Perfect snack for when I need something salty/crunchy instead of potato chips or other greasy snack.  I eat them a lot to hold me over between meals.  The price on amazon is great compared to my local markets.  Highly recommended!
Bottom line, these crackers are a great snack.  Ordering by the case saves some money compared to the $3.45 charged locally.  Whether plain, onion, or sesame (I've never tried the wasabi) these are a low fat, reasonable calorie snack eaten either plain or with something on it.  The only sad thing is that I first ordered them in 2008 for $21 per case.
I too have begun to drink only Penta water unless absolutely neccessary to drink the other water.  I find that the price of the water is cheaper from the actual website [...] and I get free shipping.  I feel better overall and wish I could get this stuff by the gallon.  Great Product and well worth the price for the improved feeling of well being.
You can purchase this for $35.00 including free shpping straight from Penta's Website.<br /><br />I really enjoy drinking this. I can see a difference with my everyday life.
I bought bottles of this stuff because of its purity.  I have a VPI record washing machine to get the gunk out of the grooves in my record collection.  You basically scrub the records and vacuum the glop off using a mix of water and detergent.  This water is so pure it ever sinks deeper in the grooves and is a visably better penetrating fluid compared to distilled water much less tap (OH NO!) water with all its impurities.  You wouldn't believe how great my records play once they are deep cleaned.  My wife can always tell when I am playing vinyl instead of a CD "It just sounds more alive"---she says.  This water is highly recommended for this purpose.  I may even drink some of it sometime to see what all the fuss is about.
I love this water.  It is very uplifting.  I feel better drinking it.  It is arsenic free, flouride free, chromium 6 free, chlorine free,and mtbe free-something about reverse osmosis and medicinal grade oxygen really works.  At work, we are no longer allowed to drink soda in our classrooms, so I bought some Penta water. I am hooked.  I like the one liter size bottles.  I wish you would sell those also!  I was lucky to purchase this at Dorthy Lane Market!  Buy this water!
These are my most favorite nut snacks. Sunflower is my absolute favorite, but the almond, cashew (very buttery and rich), and seasame are really great, too.  Have given as gifts and everyone follows up to ask me where they can buy them.  Great for the kiddos, too!
I love this candy and ate it a lot as a kid. It has been very hard to find in any stores. I am so glad I found it on Amazon. The shipping was fast and the product arrived in excellent condition. It still has the same flavor after all of these years. Try this candy if you love coconut. You will love it too!
This freeze dried ice cream is great! It tastes exactly like the more expensive kind with the astronaut on the package, for a fraction of the price. After receiving this, I understand why it costs less than the "astronaut" kind. The packaging stinks on ice.<br /><br />Normally, freeze dried items are packaged in air tight, foil type packages, so as to not permit light, and most importantly, air into the package. Air is the enemy of freeze dried items, because it contains moisture. The product arrives it is in an air tight can, which you need to open with a can opener. Inside, the individual servings of ice cream are in paper wrappers that will NOT keep air out of the product.<br /><br />It gets worse. The paper wrappers are not only NOT air tight, but they are also ALL slit open. Every serving is slit open in several places. The can says to transfer the servings into a ziplock bag and get as much air out as possible. This may or may not keep the product fresh, but doing so is better than leaving the ice cream in the can.<br /><br />With mine, I got as much air out of the bag as I could, by closing the bag as much as possible around a straw. I then sucked the air out until I could get no more air out, then slipped the straw out, whilst closing the bag in one swift motion. You MUST do this every time you open the bag to retrieve a serving, or air will ruin the delightful texture of the ice cream. So be prepared with large ziplock bags and a straw if you order this product.
My 17 month old can easily eat the whole can in one day if I'd let him. He LOVES these puffs! He just munches on them like they are chocolate (or something that one really loves!). I just lay a bunch on his little table and he will just pick them up so fast and as soon as he is done he'll start whining for more. He does not do that with any other snack! It's insane! I have tried them and I must confess they are good, but can get expensive if baby gets addicted to them. I obviously buy these in bulk. We've only tried the carrot/cheese... I think the other flavor because of the green color may confuse him but I will try those as well as soon as we are done with this pack!
I purchased these for our 10 month old twins a while back and they absolutely loved them. They are now 13 months and still love them. They prefer them over the HappyMelts, even though they like those as well. Below is my pro/cons list:<br /><br />Pros:<br />Both babies love them<br />They are overall healthy, have less sodium, etc than other products of the same type of snack<br />A lot of munchies in each container<br />Great price on Amazon with Subscribe & Save<br /><br />Cons:<br />They are messy as they easily crumble and there are a lot of tiny crumbles in the bottom of the container<br />This particular flavor is sort of flavorless to me, however, my twins seem to disagree with my taste buds
I am a mom of 3 kids. With my older two I had such a hard time finding a snack for them that didn't have so much sodium! When my 3rd came along, HappyFamily introduced HappyMunchies. I was so thankful to find a snack low in sodium and with a vegetable too! And to top it off, it is organic so I know it is free of pesticide residue and GMOs!
Baby loves to feed herself and these are a great on the go option. We have tried other brands (Gerber) but this is her favorite by far and I don't feel bad giving them to her as I know that they are high quality. Hubby tries to steal a few away here and there as well :)
I've bought them many times. Good quality and good taste, baby love it, and I love it too. Reccommend it.
While I worry that I am teaching my baby to be a snacker, these are perfect for the in-between times for my 1 year old grazer. The label tells me that they are a healthier choice for my baby than the typical grocery store aisle alternative. I like to keep these in the car and diaper bag for helping to calm my little one while waiting for meal, etc. I don't think they taste awesome, but he sure eats them like they are going to disappear. That makes me happy!
We love these. The cheddar carrot flavor is far better than the green flavor. My daughter, age 2, likes them both, but because we snack on them in the car I opt for the cheddar carrot which is tasty to me too. I love that they are healthy and I can feel great about giving her these instead of some brightly colored mystery things. Love em
My two boys love the Happy Munchies Cheddar Cheese/Carrot. They request them as their snack as they watch their "show" on t.v. I love that they are low in sodium, includes 25mg of choline per serving (which is great for their eyes)and tastes great. Also, they are Kosher certified which is a plus as well. I love to put these in baggies and keep them in my purse for emergency snacks on the go. Healthy, crunchy and a must buy.
My 1 year old son does really like these- andthey certainly taste better than some of the other finger food snacks.  The only issue is there are lots of crumbs in the can they come in, so it gets messy if you want to dump them into a baggie for on the go.
These are a great alternative to chips.  I wasn't sure how they would be based on other reviews but I am glad I bought them and wish I would of found them sooner.  I have twin 18 month olds and they can't get enough of them.  I like them too!
My son is only 9mo, so he can't say it yet, but he LOVES these.  He gets excited when I even take them out of the pantry!! I like the fact that they are organic and also have carrots.
My son loves them and I can give them to him knowing they melt in his mouth so won't choke and they are good for him too.
Happybaby Happymunchies Baked Organic Cheese and Veggie Snack, Cheddar Cheese/Carrot, 1.63 Ounces (Pack Of 6)<br /><br />Hello, this is six items should be installed, but I only received a, I with amazon contact but nobody reason I, please verify as soon as possible, give me reissue, thank you!!!!
I purchased this at my local health food store and I am enjoying it immensely.  The juice has a nice, robust texture, and it is not overly salty. The flavor is amazingly fresh and refreshing.<br />I combine it with Odwalla flash-pasteurized 100% carrot juice for a well-above-average vegetable juice that is a good energy-booster and makes for a great alternative to orange juice or other sweet juices.<br />Enjoy!
We love these baby food things in a little pouch. Sooooo much easier to feed to a baby or toddler on the go. Our son loves sucking the fruit out and we are pleased that it is both organic and healthy with nothing added - just fruit. For smaller ones, not good to let them handle it themselves, because they love to squeeze it, which gets things everywhere. But older ones can feed to themselves. I like the 3.17 size rather than the bigger one that Plum Organics has for some of the other flavors. It assures that he will eat all or most of it in one sitting rather than having to save some for later. You can also take this size on airplanes without having to have it tested for explosives - not the case with the bigger pouches. I also like that it is BPA free. If your little one likes them, ordering in bulk and with subscribe and save makes them much cheaper than at the store.
I discovered these when my daughter was about 15 months old. I wish I had found them earlier. They are organic, taste great, are easy for toddlers to handle and very convenient! I always keep some in my purse and in the car when we're out and about. They are not messy, unless of course they decide to squeeze the pouch, which only happens for us when she's not hungry.<br /><br />The Plum Organics line also includes some varieties with fruits and vegetables mixed together. They taste surprisingly good and are one way to get my picky eater to eat some veggies. You can find some varieties at reasonable prices on Amazon, others are more expensive for some reason. Babies R Us has had a sale every other month or so where you can get them for $1 each if you buy them in sets of 8. That is usually when I stock up for the next two months. :)
My daughter will start school this fall and i was concerned about lunches and fruit-to-go choices. We've bought several different fruit pouches at a local organic store and she and I loved these the most. It it not overly sweet (and a strawberry variation as well), tastes really good. She can easily eat 2 of these every day.<br />I really like the fact that it has no sugar and color added + it is organic. Just fruit puree.<br /><br />I, personally, don't like banana variation, but it's just because of my own personal preferences (i like fresh bananas more than cooked), other than that, my daughter approved all of flavors to 10 stars.
Plum products are such a wonderful and yummy idea for the toddler, heck even the adult from time to time. I keep a full stock of every flavor fruit pouch Plum makes for toddlers. They make a great snack to throw in the diaper bag or back pack, whether you are packing a for a trip to the store, school lunches or going to Disneyland! These pouches have saved the day many many times. I have even grabbed one or two to add to my lunch when no other fruit was available for me, and it was really good! I have and will always recommend Plum to every parent I know!
I love Plum organic pouch.  Got this one on sale.  My baby and toddler LOVE this so much.  My 3 years old always ask me for more.
My son loves these and they are great to throw in your diaper bag or take with on trips.  A lot of time I can't find fresh fruit while we are out and about that my son (he is 1) can eat.  These are great because it is actual fruit and he can eat it straight from the pouch.  Just make sure you help them the first couple of times or else you might have a bit of a mess.
Have had other brands like this before, and have always enjoyed them.  These were a really good bargain on sale.
My 8 month old loves this & has no problem holding it & sucking the food out.  This is great for on the go!
this makes feeding on the go so easy! my one-year-old will suck down a pouch in 5 minutes and she loves them!
I bought this for my 15 month old son who has become a very picky eater as of late.  I wanted a fun and easy way to make sure he gets his fruit and veggie servings each day.  This does the trick!  He loves them and he can feed himself.  What more can I say?  (Oh, I actually tried one, and they really are good!)
I tried this product because it was a "Friday Special" and it caught my eye it being 100% fruit and 100% organic.  I don't have any children, but this looked interesting to try because I've been trying to eat healthier and sometimes it's hard to get my recommended amount of fruit servings a day.  I buy fruit but it always seems to go bad before I can eat it all.  I bought the banana mish mash also, and really like it, too.  I like to add it to my oatmeal, or spread it on top of my peanut butter toast, or just by itself!  To clarify the ingredients- it has 3 different fruits, not just peach and not just banana.  Obviously, I'm ok with this...just wanted to throw that out there.  There are multiple things I love about this product.  Here goes.. and not in any particular order...<br />1) Easy to open, convenient, resealable pouch<br />2) It tastes great!<br />3) All natural, 100% fruit...no nasty preservatives or chemicals<br />4) 100% organic<br />5) Great for everyone, not just babies.<br />6) The price is good compared with other similar products, and I love the free shipping!
Not as tasty as the strawberry but still very nice. Great to throw in a diaper bag or purse. Spendy but definitely a good deal when it's on sale.
These are awesome and if you know where to find the discount codes they can be super inexpensive.  I love the all natural ingrediants and I actually find them to taste great.  I actually put a little in my older kids oatmeal and they love it too.  I make 90% of my daughters baby food but this great for on the go or as a supplement.<br /><br />My twin niece and nephew who are 18 months old love these as a snack and my sister says they are so great for car rides or trips to the museum.  I highly recommend these over any other baby food product.
this is perfect for babies and toddlers on the go! we started using the baby version when my daughter was an infant--it is so easy to throw a pouch and a baby spoon into the diaper bag. now that my daughter is older, she is able to feed herself with the pouch. just give your toddler the pouch and they will squeeze/suck the fruit out of it. not only is the packaging great, but the fruit tastes good as well (and yes, I have tasted everything that I feed my daughter). my daughter loves this--her whole face lights up when I hand her a pouch.
Well, maybe I'm the first one to review this wonderful treat, but I know I'm not the first one having tried them! This treat is so safe, healthy, and yummy! In my native language, Miam-Miam is for Yum-Yum!<br />There you go. Not too sweet, yet not lacking sweetness. You can't taste one ingredient above the other one (OK, besides the coconut, since it's mostly made of it), it's so good.<br /><br />This is a raw food product that has been dehydrated at low temps, it's really nice to give to our kids. (We have 7 of them, and they love it). Of course it's a bit more expensive than your average treats/candies, but hey, who wants to complain?<br /><br />Do you want crappy candies with dyes, chemicals and cooked (so basically poison), or you want to give REAL FOOD for yourself and your kids?<br /><br />I bet if people learn to do/prepare these treats and give that to their kids, school would be less filled with Asperger Syndromes, ADD, ADHD kids etc....<br /><br />This is a treat that you won't regret having spent money on it, unless of course... you are so used to the chemical loaded-pesticide-herbicide-overly cooked-High Fructose Corn Syrup-dyed candy, then it's not for you.<br /><br />Keep your money instead, you'll need it for the bills you'll have when you go to the numerous Docs that can't help you and your kids. Sorry....:(
Delicious and nutritious! We live for coconut and nut treats since we don't eat grains. When I want to splurge, I pick up a bag of these from Whole Foods or my local indie health store. They average around $10 here unless they're on sale. :) I'd looove to be able to buy these in bulk. YUM YUM!
I am just passing along the 5-star rating from our three Miniature Schnauzers. This stuff is a big hit at our house. We give them each an easy to digest kibble that's good for them and put a tablespoon of Pot Pie on top. No more turned up noses now - they wolf it all down. Be sure to mix it up real good before serving.
I just switched from Merrick Whole Earth brand pate style to this upgraded line by Merrick and my dog loves it!  This a great for dogs that like "human" food.
We adopted an 8-year-old Dalmatian earlier this year, and heard lots of cautionary tales about special diet. But we couldn't pass up trying a can of this dog food--sadly, just because of the name. Well, she loves it! So now it's her special occasion food. We mix half a can with a cup of dry, 2X/day, with no nasty side effects. She also likes Wingaling and the Napa Valley offerings from this company. It's high in protein and works for us!
so happy we found this online for a reasonable price.  my two dogs love this stuff and it doesn't upset their stomachs.  Plus I love that it's not made in china or something.  when you look at the food, it looks pretty close to people food. You can see real chunks of chicken and veggies.  I don't want to give my dogs any manufactured stuff but also don't have the time to make our own dog food.
I give Merrick canned food as a treat and mix it to my dog's dry kibble (and the cat even gets a taste) every now and then.  The Chicken Pot Pie smells better than any human chicken pot pie I can remember.
My dog thinks he was born into the gentry and is entitled to fine dining each evening.  Accordingly, he will not eat plain kibble.  A scoop of this on his dry food, a little water to make gravy and we're good to go.  Ordering a case from Amazon was way easier than picking up individual cans at the pet store, too.  All in all, a success for us.
I switched to Merrick dog food several years ago (2007) when all the dog food seemed to be tainted with the rat poison - specificlly Aminopterin - and was getting worse by the day.<br /><br />My dog is my life and I would have been devastated to know I had fed her something that would have caused the suffering and anguished death and illness that many of these pets had been forced to endure. So, I started to look around and found it appalling that there was such little oversight in pet food manufacture and control regarding ingredients and labelling. I knew that it was NOT natural for dogs who had been carnivores for thousands of years to be eating all this processed "scrap" and bonemeal - no matter how the companies tried to "re-label" it. I also though, knew how critical it was for animals to get critical micro-nutrients in appropriately balanced levels and it could be equally devastating for someone uneducated in animal nutrition to think that they could just 'home-cook' meals which could leave gaping holes in these essential minerals, vitamins and micro-nutrients; not to mention the ratios of fats, oils, proteins that the animals need. So, I was searching for a company I could TRUST!<br /><br />I found Merrick and have not turned back! We have never been happier and use both Grammy Pot Pie Kibble as well as some of these canned dog food cans - though since 'we' are a small dog we use the "smaller" sized cans (cat food sized 5.5oz) The cans are ironically enough - filled with ingredients that you can read and UNDERSTAND. You can also go to their website and find out what any ingredient that may sound 'foreign' really is and why they used it - I found out they were almost always a natural ingredient that is an alternative to a processed chemical. I also found it comforting that particularly with the canned food I could open it and RECOGNIZE ingredients like a potato looking like a suprise, POTATO! Or a pea, carrot, etc. My dog LOVES this merrick food and has never been healthier! Our vet constantly comments on her blood work levels coming back at "perfect levels" and she is almost 9. Her coat is really healthy and probably what is noticed by most pet owners and yet not the most 'pleasant' aspect to discuss, is that she has almost NO gas (I don't give her much if any people food either) but when she is given other brands she can be really hard to sit near on ocassion :) . I think the phrase you get out what you put in applies here as well... I will not switch from Merrick food - ever! My only regret is that I did not start feeding my little four-legged one Merrick sooner!
This canned food has real chunks of chicken in it.  Dogs love it.  Looks and smells better than human-quality canned beef stew (like Dinty Moore).
Watch out for the fat-- 9g of fat per 17g serving.<br /><br />I guess I knew that nuts have high fat but somehow I was stuck on the "100 Calories..."<br />The flavor of these is delicious.  The wasabi flavor has a hint of smokiness.<br /><br />(From the packaging)<br />INGREDIENTS: ALMONDS, VEGETABLE OIL (CANOLA, SAFFLOWER AND/OR SUNFLOWER), SUGAR, MODIFIED CORN STARCH, SALT, SOY SAUCE (SOYBEAN, WHEAT, SALT) HORSERADISH, ONION, SPICE, FRACTIONATED COCONUT OIL AND/OR PALM KERNEL OIL, GARLIC, MALTODEXTRIN, YEAST ESTRACT, NATURAL FLAVOR, CITRICT ACID, DISODIUM GUANYLATE AND DISODIUM INOSINATE<br />FROM CALIFORNIA<br />Serving Size-- 17g (one bag)<br />Calories 100  ...Fat Cal 80<br />Total Fat 9g ... sat. fat 0.5<br />Sodium 70mg<br />Potassium 110mg<br />Total carb 3g<br />Dietary fiber 2g<br />Sugars 1g<br />Protein 3g<br />Calcium 4%  ... Iron 4% ... Vitamin E 20% ... Magnesium 10%
Now let me start by saying I did not buy this tea as a diet supplement. I bought this because I tried it from a local store as I was looking for a tea that had some peppermint in it but not so much it was over-powering like a full peppermint tea. This has just the right amount of peppermint combined with a green tea. Overall it is a pleasant taste that I could drink all day.
This tea is very good.  I discovered it while visiting in California. The moment I got home I searched local stores for it and I was not able to find it.  Finally I decided to see if Amazon had it and they did and I bought two boxes.  As long as they make it I will buy it.
The tea tastes great and helped me curb cravings during dieting. The tea was inexpensive and came packaged in a pretty box. The bags are flimsy, but I just throw the bag in a tea ball with no worries. I will continue to keep this on hand as part of my tea collection.
I love this TEA. It has a very smooth taste and not bitter like other kind of tea. I do agree that the string seems to come apart easily but I can live with that. No big deal! The quality of TEA makes up for that.
I found this exact same stuff at the dollar store.  It is pretty good.  Not as good or as strong as my loose whole leaf tea, but for the price it can't be beat. Bags are never as good as loose leaf.  I use it if I want one quick cup.  I steep my loose leaf tea 2-3 times, so I have to have time to drink 2-3 cups.  I gave this 4 stars because it is a good deal for the money purchased from the dollar store. If I make myself a mug, and because it is cheap, I use 2 bags.  I would have been disappointed if I had paid the original price on here for it though.
Not much else to say... I keep a box in my desk here at work, and I can enjoy a cup anytime!  Nice flavor, and no bitterness, so I can drink it straight without sugar!<br /><br />Pros:  Flavor and value.<br /><br />Cons:  It can't do my taxes for me... that's really about all I can think of.  lol
I got tired of overpaying for tea at Teavana so decided to try this brand of Oolong tea and was pleasantly surprised. It has a wonderful flavor and like the previous reviewer, I just put the bag in a tea ball to compensate for the poor quality of the bags. You just can't beat the value of this tea!
this is a high quality oolong tea and i can't go back to bigelow, that's for sure! the taste is great, it is said to have slimming benefits, and the tea bags are a higher quality that don't come apart easily.
I got two bags from my friend who got it from his friend who said it was primo. So I chucked them in a zip-lock when I got home. 3 mos. later I opened it and had some today. I am online trying to find more.
You just can't beat the taste of the original Dubble Bubble Gumballs! It really doesn't matter that the taste only last a minute or so, but that is why I bought the tub! The  tub by the way is very convenient  and was shipped to me in A+++ condition! If your longing for the classic taste go for it! You will not be dissappointed!
Using the entire sauce packet is over kill, leaving a salty greasy puddle at the bottom of the carton. Otherwise noodles are well made, and sauce is reasonably well flavored. Quick and easy, a no brainer.
This is pretty good stuff. You can't expect a whole lot from instant box-o-noodles, but this is the best out of all the other brands I've tried before. The noodles have good constancy and the peanut sauce is really tasty as well. I'm going to buy more.
"It tastes better than it looks" was the first thing I said the a skeptical co-worker looking at my peanut satay as it came out of the microwave.  Unfortunately, it's as fattening as it looks, so I likely won't be purchasing it often.  I could see this mixing with chicken or beef and tasting even better though!
while its not traditional satay  it is very good the oil is ok cause without it it would be too dry, i had some of these that were a year and a half old i made it and it was fine, i will buy again
I adore this brand of peanut satay noodles.  Unlike the other ethnic-foods-in-box, Ka-Me's noodles and sauces are flavorful and delicious.  However, there's certainly a downside.  This dish is greasy, fattening, and high in calories.  If you read the nutritional information, you'll find that this tiny box contains two servings that are high in fat and not very filling.<br /><br />My advice?  Split this dish with a friend and serve with a small serving of rice.  The sauce is flavorful and potent enough that it bleeds into the rice.  An instant and tasty multi-dish meal!
A nearby Fresh and Easy Neighborhood Market stocks a number of gourmet imported products and I enjoy trying them. One is a variety of Baxters soups from Canada. Today, I had the Butternut Squash and Red Pepper Soup. Quite good. Smooth and mellow. Mild taste, but delicious. Goes down real easy and it only comes to 90 calories per serving (2 servings per can). Alas, the sodium content is a bit higher than I like. Otherwise, very good.<br /><br />Gary Peterson
I have been using this product for years and was happy to find it on line since our local place (Bristol Farms) had closed.  I love it especially in my salad dressings.
The pomegranate molasses arrived on time and in good condition.  I encountered this as an ingredient in a Mollie Katzan cookbook and it did not disappoint.  We thinned it just a little with warm water and used it as a side sauce for roasted asparagus at a barbecue, and got many rave reviews from our guests, vegetarian and non-vegetarian alike.  I recommend both the vendor and this item.
Fast, professional transaction.  I needed this one ingredient for a new recipe and it turned out great!  Now I just need to find more uses for this stuff.
Only Pom.Mol.I've ever used but this seemed to have the same flavor the Chef came up with for a pomegranate relish for fish. It seems to have a bit of a brown appearance though where the one the Chef used was a brighter red color.
I have two recipes I'm anxious to try that call for pomegranate molasses. I've called all the specialty and best markets in the Sacramento area and no one's heard of this, much less carries it.  It's common in Mediterranean recipes, goes with shrimp, fish, chicken, beef and pork. I was delighted to find it on Amazon and look forward to using mine in a fabulous short ribs recipe.  I'm also passing along the info to my friends so they can order their own -- or I may give as gifts to my gourmet cook friends.
I would recommend this product.  I received it in a timely manner and the price was good.
Pomegranate molasses is my mother's "secret" recipe for great meatballs. She adds a couple teaspoon of molasses to the meat and the taste comes out incredible.<br /><br />Once I set-up my own household she gave me a present - Pomegranate Molasses of my own. I learned to use it in variety of recipes from deserts to meat sauces. It has a wonderful taste both tart and sweet at the same time. It has deep red color, and looks very appealing.<br /><br />It keeps almost indefinitely in the refrigerator. It blends well with walnuts, adds a unique flavor to beans, adds wonderful flavor to poultry, gives a nice taste to fish, gives an astringent edge to salads and vegetables, and is a great tenderizer for lamb and pork.<br /><br />I like its flavor even just diluted with cold water as a drink or adding tart flavor (and beautiful color) to sorbets.<br /><br />Ali Julia review
So I bought this pomegranate molasses to make Fattoush, the delicious middle eastern salad of greens, cukes, tomatoes and torn up bits of fried, leftover pita bread.  Wowee, Fattoush is now my favorite salad, I've eaten so often lately that the tart lemon-y dressing has made the corners of my mouth turn a bit pinkish and raw, youch. I tend to do that, find a food I really like, then eat it so much I almost make myself sick on it.<br /><br />Anyways, the Fattoush salad dressing, with it's complex blend of Sumac, olive oil and various herbs and spices required one half teaspoon of pomegranate molasses.  I was lucky enough to find it at a Russian grocery store (YAY!).  But the store is far away and so I had to look around online to buy more, thank God for Amazon.<br /><br />Now, granted, my bottle will likely last years if all I do with it is make Fattoush, one goopy half teaspon at a time, so I've used it in a few other things.  I added a teaspoon to a Lemon Chicken Marinade, a tiny glob to a bowl of greek yogurt (had to add honey too cuz it was sour!),  a tiny amount added to Christmas Salmon cream cheese log, I used it in Fesenjen, a persian stew of chicken and walnuts, I used a few tablespoons of the sticky stuff in a garlicky barbecue sauce and it was the best barbecue ever.<br /><br />Just don't do what I did and try to replace the molasses in molasses cookies with pomegranate molasses, what a horrible mess, the cookies looked normal, slightly lighter than normal, but the smell!  And the taste!  Ewwww!
Always wanted to make my own hummus and eggplant dip - this brand of tahini I'd never tried before or seen in supermarkets, so I decided to order and try it....excellent by itself or in recipes! Highly recommended.
This was a very good puchase. The shipper was very fast and very friendly. The Tahini was very fresh and of good quality. I will order again.
We love to make Hummus, and love to make sandwitches, salad dressings. One of our kids favorite foods is Tahini over cold Undon Noodles.
Having lived in the Middle East for 10 years, our family loves hummos and we make a lot of it.  This is the best brand I've ever found in the U.S.  I like the taste and the texture of this one, and it mixes wonderfully with the other ingredients.  I found it somewhere locally, then when I went to buy more I couldn't find it again.  Krinos is so much better than all the brands you find in health food stores or supermarkets, and the price happens to be about half of what most stores charge for a similar amount of tahini.  I was delighted to find it on Amazon!
I have never used Tahini before - and my hummus was good, but always, something was missing... After I found out of Tahini, I ordered it (and it was shipped extremelly fast)and used it. The result was amazing! One spoon into the hummus prepared from one bag (1lb beans) and I had my favorite ready to go!
We purchased these for our son to give out when his baby boy is born.  They make a very nice announcement of the new arrival.  They are however very hard if you actually want to chew the bubble gum.
This product arrived in a timely manner, in good condition, and it was a hit with the family when my son arrived.
When our third child, and first son was born, we sent our oldest to school (Kindergarten) with these for her friends to celebrate. It really made her feel important at school, and helped her celebrate the birth of our little boy. She loved doing it, and her friends enjoyed them too. BTW- teachers, we did clear it with the teachers at school first, so no hate mail please!
I have nothing but good service ever since I started ordering from amazon.com.  Keep up the good work.
There is much confusion about tomatoes, and shopping on-line in this case adds to the complexity.  These are not the best tomatoes offered at the time of this writing.  The Strianese are hands down the best.  My local store sells them.  I have been using them for fifteen years.  But they are significantly more expensive and the shipping is brutal.  No Prime shipping with them.  I use these specific Cento when I am not home.  It all depends on how much your sauce means to you.<br /><br />But you need to know what you are buying.  These Cento tomatoes are 1) San Marzano sauce tomatoes; 2) they are D.O.P. certified 3) and this point is often overlooked, they are from the Sarnese Nocerino.  They are the second best in terms of absolute flavor.  Bright from proper acid, deep from proper natural salt/sugar balance.  You probably cannot get better tomatoes fresh unless you know a specialty grower, or do it yourself and have no day job.  Cento sells many others, much cheaper, that are not these.<br /><br />The price per can is good.  The best deal is if you have Amazon Prime and get regular shipments.  I get three large batches per case, enough to feed the mob that forms on sauce day.<br /><br />Most people are happy with the many good canned tomatoes, especially when you look at the poor genetically engineered ersatz "fresh" tomatoes at the supermarket.  But if you are a maestro, these are what you want.
DOP San Marzano canned tomatoes are the finest canned tomatoes on the planet... but I can get these for literally half the price at my local grocery store. Is this unusual? Boston is pretty heavily Italian in some areas... maybe that makes a difference. i don't understand why anyone would buy them at this price. Check your local grocery store before you buy them at this price.
I discovered these wonderful tomatoes and yes, they are worth paying for. Unfortunately in my area they are approaching 6 bucks a can and never go on sale. Walmart has them for about 4 dollars a can, but I prefer not to be tied down to that store. The local "Italian mart" advertised san marzano tomatoes, 4 cans for 5 dollars- too good to  be true? yes, in fact , these are very ordinary tomatoes. I am on the hunt for these wonderful tomatoes at a good price.They turn an ordinary recipe into a gourmet experience.
I received my order with a few problems. The majority of the cans arrived dented, some very severely! Amazon needs to add better packing material to keep the cans from moving around in the shipping box, I am surprised they haven't fixed this shipping issue by now because of all the complaints here in the reviews. However, Amazon is really great when it comes to problems like this with food items...they are shipping me a new order, no charge, and I get to keep my original order! I am hoping my new order arrives in better condition! These San Marzano Tomatoes are not "DOP Certified"! Even though the description says they are? Many people have complained about this in the reviews so I am surprised Amazon is still listing them as "DOP Certified"? However, they are very good quality tomatoes and Certified Organic. I have also noticed the price of this item fluctuates often so here's a tip...place it in your shopping cart and then save it for later, check your cart daily and wait for the price to drop! I paid $20.79 but I have seen the price as high as $53.00, so it pays to be patient. Good luck!
Purchased a small case of these tomatoes. I used them for Pizza Sauce and they tasted great. The labels looked identical to the picture posted on Amazon.
I love San Marzano tomatoes and Cento's are great. They have the greatest, sweetest taste ever. Worth ever penny and than some.
these tomatoes are perfect for italian recipes.....full flavor, not too acidic and VERY italian!  Always the best choice for italian cooking....
most if not all of the cans were dented in some way, however it is a cheaper method of purchasing this product
This is a fine product.  Why? Sure, it's has a flavor that on other tomato has, an earthy taste.
I have read past reviews where people complained about receiving dented cans with this product. I had a previous shipment where all was well, but not this time. The shipment came in a badly mangled box, but I thought all would be well when the interior box was pristine. I was very surprised to find a badly dented can in an undamaged box. This tells me that the can was already dented when packed. Amazon should reconsider their source for this product--the tomatoes are superior but the packing stinks.
The product is great ... but it is priced nearly twice what it retails for in local markets. I dont mind paying a little for convenience of home delivery, but this is too much
This product is indeed fabulous and you can get it at many grocery stores for a lesser price.  Overall a great product and makes awesome red sauce!  TO SQUISM:  I find it very disturbing that you casually refer to hitting your wife, even if you are joking, this is not the place for that sort of behavior!!!!  If you really hit your wife your a punk coward.  Domestic abuse IS NOT a laughing matter and I was personally offended by your review.  Try to maintain some amount of class when posting on here.  I am sure that is something you are incapable of doing, judging by your disgusting and classless review.
This formula is a life-saver!  Our 2-month old had a little viral bug, which made him spit up a lot and be very fussy.  With this formula, he barely spits up at all and has been so much happier!<br /><br />Ask your doctor for a sample!  When we took our baby in for his tummy troubles, the doc gave us a full-sized can of this formula to take home and try!  Considering it costs about $14 retail, this was great!<br /><br />Pros:<br />Reduced spit-up and gas<br />Reduced fussiness<br />Easy to mix up<br /><br />Cons:<br />Baby can't go as long between feedings, probably because it's easier to digest<br /><br />You can also get 2 free cans of Similac (one Advance and one Sensitive) by mail if you register at their website.  Great product and great customer service!
Good price for product... i had started my baby on the similac soy formula but it was too much for my son's tummy... this formula was a welcomed change.... unfortunately, it came at the funky time of similac's big recall of all the larger containers (i was buying the 34oz can from the wholesale store) and the smaller containers were all sold out of the local stores... not a fun situation... finding this 6-pack at a reasonable price was a much needed and appreciated rescue!
Great formula, our son is not getting stomach pains like with the regular Similac and he actually likes the taste.  The only thing is that it's way cheaper at Costco ($27.82 per 34oz + tax). Amazon is NOT willing to price match!!!
While I have not purchased this from Amazon I have used it for many years.  It makes a super layer for, my version, of Zuppa Engelesia and mixed with cream can be incorporated for Pate Choux.<br />I don't live in Hollywood any more so it is getting more difficult and thanks to Amazon I find it it available and in larger cans.........  I plan to order soon.<br /><br />Gino Rossi<br />Mangia con passione chef/caterer
Although I had some concerns about product with initial shipment - my concerns were far overshadowed by the excellent, prompt and courteous response from vendor about my concerns.  Customer service that seems a rarity these days - was absolutely exceptional!  Will definitely keep this vendor in mind when I have need for other craft supplies/products.
The M&M candy machine works just fine but the finger hole is too small for adult fingers to retrieve the candy. It does intimidate a M&M lover because of the small amount it dispenses.
I'm on my first jar of this, and am really enjoying what it adds to my "concoctions" - vegetarian one pan mix ups of onions, garlic, vegetables, usually tofu, rice or pasta or quinoa, sometimes olives or capers.<br />I may have purchased it at Uwajimaya, when on sale...I will be buying many more jars of this mixed spice paste.  It's not really a paste - more liquid, with easily identifiable basil leaves.  I highly recommend this chili paste.
This deal on Amazon with the Prime free shipping, and/or the even cheaper subscription is very tempting if you make a lot of desserts with this like we do.  One of our favorites is layered graham crackers, this pudding mixed with frozen whipped topping, and topped with a can of melted chocolate frosting.  Lots of stores are discontinuing name brands, so this is a great item to buy here.
My husband LOVES pudding and any kind of dessert at the end of dinner. This is a great way to appease his cravings while not being full of butter and fat. I love that I can add whatever I want to it to fancy it up a little. I love to put cocoa powder and make a more elegant tasting chocolate pudding or mix it with berries for my kids.
Like always this label is the best in desserts and this 3-4 ounce vanilla pudding is not the exeption, is easy to make, and vey fast, and the size is the best for a little families. The vanilla flavor is fantastic.
You can substitute nut milk, coconut milk or goat's milk or even soy milk for the 'milk' in this instant pudding.<br /><br />If you add coconut cream and toasted coconut you have coconut cream pie pudding! If you add some raw cocoa powder you have chocolate pudding! You can add some softened cream cheese and have cheese cake base puddin'! You are only limited by your imagination. This is also excellent as an addition to a cake mix (about a 1/3 packet and an extra tablespoon of liquid).
i always enjoy Jello pudding, however, one package that i recieved was opened, and the powder spilled all over.  it really alters the price when you only recieve 23 packages instead of the promised 24.
My big boy Oreo loves this so much. i took him off beef products and only give him venison rabbit ,turkey. He can't get enough of this stuff
Delivered by UPS, this product is just about perfect.  It does not have a disagreeable smell and the dogs love it.  It is much less expensive than prescription dogfood and our dogs are thriving on it.  You can even see an occasional pea and/or carrot. No grain to worry about.
I have two terrier mixes and they love this product. I mix it with their dry grain free dog food and they just gobble it up like no tomorrow. I am happy that Amazon has this product on Subscribe and Save. It's one less thing to worry about since I know it's going to arrive every two months.<br /><br />When I know I'm going to be out of the house for a long time, I take this product and smear it inside a Kong toy. Oh Em Gee. Talk about keeping these ADD pups occupied for a period of time. :)<br /><br />Like the other buyer said, you occassionally see a piece of carrot or potato here and there.  I like looking at the ingredients on this product. There's no added water, mechanically separated meat or other by product. Good job!
Bought 1/2 lb each of five different Mo's Fudge recently from a school fundraiser. I'm not much of a chocolate fudge eater, prefer peanut butter, but the dark chocolate fudge is incredible. So rich and creamy! Almost too creamy. Had to throw it into the fridge to make it easier to cut. But if any fudge can turn me into a chocolate fudge lover, this can!
This mild semi-soft/soft cheese has a range of subtle flavors that I have yet to find elsewhere.  The price is worth it, though I can't afford to order it often, but the combination of this cheese with a really good white wine is truly a culinary delight!
This tea is absolutely incredible! Addicted after first taste. So delicious... the smell... the taste... it's a beautiful experience. I just ordered more (and gonna try both regular and decaf).
I love this tea and drink it at least twice a day.  The flavor is both strong and sweet.  The tea stands on it's own, never needing sweetner.  If you're a cinnamon lover, you have to try this tea.  And even if you're not, it's worth a try.
I am fairly certain this is the same tea sold by Caribou Coffee.  I think I could be considered an addict! The flavor is so good - lots of cinnamon and slightly spicy because of it.  Price for 50 is good and less than I have been able to find it elsewhere.
After having to give up coffee years ago due to a medical condition, I tried many different kinds and favors of tea until I stumbled  upon this in a small bakery that had recently opened nearby. I loved it and have been drinking it every morning since over the past couple of years. The sachets are perfect for a larger mug, the paper wrapped are fine for smaller cups or mugs. It's a hearty tea that I find satisfying and delicious.
As a person who love cinnamon scent and flavor, I find this tea amazing.  I was used to drinking the plain black tea at work and this blend is a nice change from that.  I can probably only have one or two cups a day because it is pretty sweet but I will continue to drink it probably every day.  Enjoy
Love this tea, its like drinking liquid red hots.  I hate herbal teas b/c they all taste and smell like potpourri but this stuff is awesome !!!!
A co-worker gave me a couple of the Harney & Sons Fine Teas Hot Cinnamon Spice Sachets to sample. The cinnamon spice flavor is wonderful. These teas are not available at my local grocery stores. I was glad to find them for a reasonable price on-line.
I love this tea which has a deep cinnamon aroma and taste.  It's equally good as an iced tea.  Full marks!
I drink a lot of flavored black teas and this is hands down one of my favorites. The scent is enticing and the flavor is bold, and sweet at the same time.  If you love spice, this is a must have tea.
Super tasty, super delicious. Best tea ever, sweet and cinnamony. I actually like these better than the individually wrapped tea bags.
This is an excellent tea, very flavorful - the cinnamon is fresh and powerful, and overall it's slightly sweet without needing any sugar. Excellent with milk or straight.
This is more than just a tea, drinking a cup is like a beautiful experience. It has a multi-dimensional flavor, it really does. I never considered myself a tea drinker, but I ordered it once at a Starbucks and was hooked ever since. On special occasions or even when I am down, I treat myself to a cup of this warm and delicous tea.
It's that good!  Heaven if you like cinnamon.  Tastes sweet with no sugar.
I was actually surprised at how good these Muffins taste! I have reordered a case.  And they are Gluten Free.
Had this sent to me in Afghanistan. The flavor was enjoyable but not to spicy. It is made with quailty ingridents. I would surely say this is one of the best salsa's I've ever had.
I love VitaMuffins, but my supermarket sells one box of 4 muffins for $6.29.  Instead I bought the mix, 3 boxes for $16.00, and each box makes 12 muffins. Instead of $1.62 per muffin, the mix only requires water & eggs and works out to about 48 cents per muffin, and very easy to make. That's a great deal.
I buy these through the ship-and-save program because they are a staple of my breakfast and midday snack routine.<br />Light, flavorful, and full of vitamins, these only take 20-25 minutes to bake with minimal extras. I am vegan so I use egg substitutes  (3 tbsps flax seed in place of the eggs with 9 Tbs water) and they still bake perfectly.
better then I expected. I notice there was some complaints that the muffins were dry.<br />So I sprayed the mix before cooking with a butter flavored publix spray which is canola oil.[same as pam butter spray].<br />This did the trick& they were great
I generally like vitalicious products. The corn muffin, well, for 100 calories it's not bad. But if you are expecting anything like the sugar/fat laden junk that your local bakery sells, look elsewhere. this is like a healthy makeover that doesn't quite cut it, but they're not bad. For the same amount of calories, the chocolate one is more of an indulgence, but this one is good for a bland breakfast treat, especially baked fresh.<br />My kids are happy to get any extra snacks, so they approve...i send with them to school for a midmorning snack. im glad they get fuel and vitamins.
I like loose tea, I just don't like chewing on leaves in my tea cup, or having to dispose of a bunch of loose, soggy leaves that seem to find every corner of my kitchen. However, I'm spoiled rotten and only like the flavor that comes with brewing loose tea. So I've been using these empty tea bags in order to make loose tea a lot less messy and just as convenient as bagged tea. Most bags of this type I've encountered are made in Europe and come with a price to match, and a single pack of 100 doesn't last a whole long time.  When I saw this deal here on Amazon, I went for it.<br /><br />The bags look and work identically to the European made ones, although I believe these are made in India. (where they know a whole lot about making tea) But the price is about 2/3 less than that of the European made ones. I can't argue with that. (Well, I could argue with that, but I'm not a dope) That way, we can have the best tea on the market, which is sold loose, without the pain in the neck features of brewing loose tea with a tea ball or strainer. Just throw in the right amount of tea, tuck the top flap into the bag, and that's it. You now have a teabag of your favorite Kenyan Black tea (or whatever makes you happy) Throw away the neat little soggy bag when you're done - no mess at all.<br /><br />I've decided to get these on as a subscription, with a 6 pack arriving twice a year. That way, my family can have three cups or pots of tea each day (This size works for both), and maybe a few more on the weekend before running out. We've been using these bags for several months now, and are still as happy with them as we were when they arrived. If Amazon keeps offering these bags, I am sure we'll keep buying them!
I like loose tea and hate having to clean out the metal holders.  These bags are ideal as they let me make a pot or just a cup of tea and then throw it in the compost pile to be reused for my garden.
My Scottish Terrier inhaled hers in about 2 hours, but my finicky Pomeranian, who usually turns his nose up at chew toys, loved it! It kept my Pom busy for a few weeks, but he really enjoyed it!<br /><br />Affordable price, fast shopping, great product!
I love this frosting!  It's sugar free and I cannot find it in stores.  I will be ordering more in the future.
Awesome little snack treat for your favorite pup/dog.  My two pekeingese just love these.  You can use them for training as well as just a treat.  They come in a variety of flavors.  My pups like the liver the best.  For senior dogs, these are perfect if they don't have the "jaw" power or teeth use anymore.  They are easy to carry so you can treat your dog whenever you want to for example on a walk around the neighborhood.  They are just 3 calories each so you don't have to worry about their weight.  Absolutely recommend these to every dog owner!
These are a hit with my pups, and for the price and 3 calories a piece, they can't be beat!  They're great for training in addition to putting them into food puzzle toys to keep them occupied.  I also provide a steady supply of these to my youngest pup during nail clipping as he has quite a bit of anxiety and these treats totally take his mind off of the scary clipper at his toes.<br /><br />First ingredient is wheat flour, so if your dog happens to be allergic to wheat these won't work for you.  My dogs aren't allergic, nor do these treats give tummy problems, so I'm happy!  Ingredient list is short, that's another plus, it's not a long list of artificial this and that.<br /><br />I give my pups both the liver flavor and the cheese/egg flavor to mix things up a bit.  The cheese/egg ones even smell like cheese, yum!
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002Z9BF8">All Natural Dog Treats by Charlee Bear - Cheese & Egg - 16 oz resealable bag</a> These are absolutely great treats for training and for use with overweight dogs. At only 4 calories per treat, even an overweight dog can feel like they are getting treats too, especially in a multi-dog household where one dog is overweight, others are not. Taste must be wonderful since there isn't anything my dogs won't do for these tiny treats, so I'm very pleased with them for many reasons! GREAT PRODUCTS!!!
My dog's breeder sent home a baggie of cheese and egg flavored Charlie Bears for my Maltese puppy.  I used them to reward him from the get-go, and he will do just about anything if he knows this treat is coming.  A great training aid.  They are also small enough to give often, and are made with good ingredients.  I carry them in my pocket and my little guy keeps an eye on that pocket!
I love these treats for my two german shepherds. I think these treats are great for even large size dogs. My dogs absolutely go crazy for them, and they are only 3 calories per treat, perfect for training sessions. I also love the texture of them... you can put them in your pocket without a ton of flaking or gross smell. This product also has a simplified ingredient list... opposed to so many other dog treats out there. You can pronounce all the ingredients in the list and you know what they are getting.
Charlee Bears are small and low calorie, so you can use them en masse for training.  We use them both for standard training (sit, stay, drop it, leave it) and behavioral training (no bark).  They're not stinky or messy, so you can put them in your pocket, purse, or car without worry.  We keep a small bag in the car for travel to reinforce when our puppy doesn't bark at people walking by, one by the door to reinforce when she goes to the bathroom outside, and a bunch of treats in a treat bag for travel.<br /><br />The one downside to these is that because they're not as stinky, it can be harder to use them to get your dog's attention if he or she is distracted, like at the dog park or if you have a bunch of visitors.  Our trick to get around this is that we put some stinky treats in the treat bag with these, and they'll take on some of the scent (We use <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002DGRSY">Pro-Treat Beef Liver, Freeze Dried Dog Treats, 21 Ounce</a>).<br /><br />Our dog loves all flavors.
I am a middle aged runner and take this cherry concentrate to help my recovery time between long races.  This works better than Ibuprofen and is all natural.  After each long run I take a couple tablespoons with my Gatorade and my muscles recover quicker (I experimented with not taking it).  I love this stuff.
Juice consentrate is very good. I like it as much as the Tart is Smart and with the price increase it is considerably cheaper even with subscribe and save. This will be my staple tart cherry juice from now on."
I have read a couple of the studies on the anti-inflammatory potential of tart cherry juice, and became convinced that it's worth a try (as a 57-YO athlete).  I like this product b/c the label tells exactly how many cherries a tablespoon is equivalent to, so I can make an informed choices as to how much I use, based on the number-of-cherry equivalents in the studies I've read.  I can't vouch for the accuracy of the label, but I've no reason to doubt it.  I've grown to like the flavor, especially mixed with lime seltzer!
I am training for a half marathon.  At the start of my training I wasn't taking cherry juice.  As I increased my long runs each week my knees and hips were so sore.  I started to take this cherry concentrate and ever since then I have felt pretty good.  I take the juice every morning with my breakfast.  It has a very strong flavor but mixes well with apple or orange juice.  The half marathon I'm running in is this weekend and I feel ready for it thanks in part to the cherry juice helping reduce the pain.  This stuff works for me.
I have pain and numbness down both arms from a pinched nerve at the bottom of my neck.  I started drinking this juice three months into what will likely be a four to six month recovery.  Because my doctor has put me on a long-term anti-inflammatory medication, I am not allowed to take over-the-counter medications like Advil and Tylenol.  I can say that taking a glass of this juice has the same pain-killing effect as taking two Advil.  I enjoy two glasses a day - one in the morning and one at dinner.  The only down-side is the sugar, which is really the only processed sugar I eat during the day.  The juice tastes good and the quality of the syrup is consistent and pleasant.<br /><br />I usually don't go for "miracle" foods or diet fads, but this juice simply works - this is the real deal.  It will not cure pain, but it will inhibit inflammation and facilitate faster healing of arthritis, spasms, and sprains.
This juice is actually concentrated as advertised. Of all the juice concentrates of any flavor i have tried, this one is the most concentrated, and i expected the others to be as concentrated but they were all thin. I guess tart cherry juice tastes like fresh black cherries in general, but Montmorency RTCJ has the more tart best flavor!
Tastes like drinking a cherry pie. I purchased this for my mother's gout and she told me it works quickly. It's also supposed to help lower blood pressure. Speedy delivery. It's not 5 stars because of the high price.
Every bit as good as any other brand I've tried. Fantastic taste and easy to use. This stuff can become addictive.
I am a long-distance runner and a belly dancer.  My back objects to the dancing and my knees object to the running.  I was having a lot of trouble managing my pain and still doing my activities with ibuprofen alone.  I read about tart cherry juice in my running magazine, and I decided to give it a try after reading some of the other reviews here on Amazon.<br /><br />I am simply blown away by the difference!  My body really reacts to this stuff.  My knee pain has disappeared, and my back only hurts during really deep back bends.  I had same-day relief, too.  I can definitely tell the difference on days where I forget to take this!  As an added bonus, I have noted a marked decrease in how sore my muscles are, as well.  I wish I had heard about this sooner!<br /><br />I follow what it says on the bottle, 1 once twice daily.  At first, I was just using a tablespoon and licking it out of the tablespoon (2TBS=1 oz.), which I still do in the mornings, but good lord this stuff is tart!  The first one isn't too bad, I think mostly because your taste buds are in shock.  The second one really gets me, though!  Lately, I've been mixing my ounce into a cup of orange juice at dinner, which looks disgusting but tastes, surprisingly, really good.<br /><br />I really hope this product comes back in stock soon, I don't think I could go without it and I'm hesitant to switch to a different brand.
Good, and reasonable for drink. A product that is good for sleeping and inflamation. I will buy again if the price stays reasonable.
This cherry juice concentrate taste very cherry :-)  <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0032JKWGI">Country Spoon Montmorency Red Tart Cherry Juice Concentrate 34 oz.</a> I like this product, and, perhaps, I will order this cherry juice concentrate again.
This is very good but I prefer the liquid cherry juice.  Less messy to deal with and the concentrate doesn't seem to go as far as the liquid juice.  Just my preference.
I have managed to find these crackers in other countries on our travels but had run out. I love that they are individually wrapped small packets in a stay fresh container. This makes them great to carry in my purse, take to work or on airplanes for snacks etc. Also love that they are not overly salted like so many American brand crackers. Company that shipped them did a great job - fast too!
This is the best tasting cracker I've ever tasted.  It may cost less in a Filipino or Asian store ... which is all well and good unless you don't live close to one (I don't).  Note that the box says 1 pound 14 ounces - but the description on this page says "28z" (whatever a "z" is).  If they meant "oz," it's incorrect.  It's a 30oz. box.  In any case, I was able to find it even cheaper online than the price shown on this page.  Where?  Amazon (grin).  Whenever you buy stuff like this, be sure to consider the "bottom line" price (product plus shipping) - and check for alternative Amazon pages where it's cheaper.  On this page, it's $15.78 for a 30oz box with free shipping (if you total order is $25 or more).  But on this page:<br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0066D2XVY">SKY FLAKES CRACKERS 1x850G</a><br /><br />the same 30oz box costs only $9.00 + $5.49 shipping ... or $14.49 total, over a dollar cheaper than on this page.  So, buy from Amazon ... but not from this page.
This product is a quick snack very light and tasteful with any spread or just like it is. Takes up hardly ay space if a couple of packets are placed in your bag. Individually wrapped crackers makes it stay fresh for longer periods.
If you like SweeTarts and you want them in a bulk amount, this product is for you. The SweeTarts came perfectly sealed and in excellent condition. There are no downsides.
Sweetarts evokes nostalgic memories of going into the candy store and pining for that sweet and sour chalky taste of this classic candy.  While it's a hard candy it is easily chewable and has pleasant texture and taste.  You really can't go wrong with this candy.  The only drawback is it is hard to stop at just one and before you know it you've eaten an entire roll.
I have ordered these a couple times now. They arrive super fresh and sealed every time. I used to buy a roll a day from the gas station, now I have a stash at home that is available anytime. Yumm
I've purchased bulk candies where they are old, terrible flavors, or simply smashed to dust. This was a great buy, having none of those drawbacks.
I used these for my sons bday party as one of the sweet treats to have out.  they are great, the kids all loved them and the price was fabulous, way better than purchasing elsewhere.  the item came as described and was fresh.  Thank you amazon.com
It is very very good sweets<br />Amazon always is excellent<br />Amazon always is excellent<br />Amazon always is excellent<br />Amazon always is excellent
Excellent shipment and product as well , looking forward to purchase again , thanks<br />Excellent shipment and product as well , looking forward to purchase again , thanks<br />Excellent shipment and product as well , looking forward to purchase again , thanks
My family has been in love with Baci's ever since we lived in Europe.  When my daughters were small they coined the term "Baci Pill" for whenever they were hurt or not feeling well.  They are a wonderful treat, after a meal with espresso or cappuccino.  Pop the entire Baci in your mouth and experience the famous Perugina chocolate and then the still crunchy hazelnut center.  The Italians do everything with class and this beats a Hershey's Kiss any day!
My family has been in love with Baci's ever since we lived in Europe.  When my daughters were small they coined the term "Baci Pill" for whenever they were hurt or not feeling well.  They are a wonderful treat, after a meal with espresso or cappuccino.  Pop the entire Baci in your mouth and experience the famous Perugina chocolate and then the still crunchy hazelnut center.  The Italians do everything with class and this beats a Hershey's Kiss any day!
Just returned from Italy and was told these little chocolates were the favs of the Italians--perfect little two-chocolates for gifts -- and gloomy days -- or happy days --
Delicious candy.<br />Outstanding price for such a rich product.<br />The "fortunes" on the inside are an added bonus.<br />Great options relating to packaging.
My dog had been prone to ear infections and did a lot of paw chewing when his vet recommended changing his diet because his symptoms may be due to a food allergy. She specifically recommended the salmon and rice formula. Unfortunately, my dog hated the salmon and rice and it smelt extremely fishy. I tried the lamb and rice formula and he likes it much better. I've heard numerous good things about Wellness from my dog trainer, as well as other pet owners and pet store employees. My dog is adjusting to the new food well. However, I can tell he doesn't consider it the most tasty of choices- probably because it doesn't have the artificial flavoring in it. But I'd rather him eat something much healthier even if we have to sacrifice a little on the taste.
I got this food for my dog that is allergic to corn, wheat, potatoes, flax, fish, and pork.  I had the hardest time finding a food that he wasn't allergic to.  I'm so glad I found this food.  He is finally eating and starting to put on some weight.  It is a little pricey but I think it is worth it for such a good product.
Instead of Simple Solution Lamb & Rice I was sent Simple Lamb & Oatmeal but, my dog likes it. Next time I will make sure I am sent the right food. I didn't know until I had open and put the food in my 10lb container.
If your dog eats slowly & actually chews his food, then this food is fantastic!  We have 2 dogs, 1 that is a picky eater, so we added water and microwave his food for 30 sec.  He loves his dinner & keeps It down. ( full disclosure, he's not the dog with stomach problems.  Our Boston Terrier, who we adopted from a puppy mill situation, eats by gulping down her food, from her years when she had to fight for food.  She is the dog we were targeting by getting sensitive stomach food; she was having a problem with vomiting & regurgitation.  The good news is, if we get her to eat 2-3 small meals a day and try to get her to slow down, problem solved.  Yet, if she eats fastly, without chewing, regurgitation is still a problem.<br /><br />I gave the food 4 stars because. If we do make sure she chews it ( by feeding her a couple morsels at a time, like giving treats) the food stays down, therefore working for vomiting, which was a huge proplem! (she was vomiting 6-9 times a day.) since switching she has stopped vomiting. I don't think our dog is the only one that eats fast, and it does take much longer to feed her.
My Dogs love this natural kibble.  It's simple (only rice and protein) yet tasty.  They maintain a healthy weight and have regular and healthy bowl movements.  Wellness is a fantastic product for dogs because they keep in mind the many ingredients that are not natural to a dog's diet and keep it out of their food.
I have a dog with severe allergies we have been fighting for years. The vets always recommend mass produced allergy formulas like science diet.  I can't stomach feeding my dog that type of garbage. But simple is a good alternative, made with quality ingredients and the dogs love it too.  Great product!!
Before my oldest golden started eating this food he got a lot of ear infections. He ate grain free food, but he still got them. Both my dogs like this food and their coats are nice and shiny and their ears are super clean. I really recommend it.<br /><br />While you can get it for $1 cheaper on other sites, you pay $18 for shipping.<br /><br />I only wish Amazon had more than 3 bags of it each time!
quality food but the price is very high.  luv amazon's free ship over $25.
I was so excited to get my whole wheat pizza dough.  After ordering it, I got it two days later!  The directions are easy to follow and the taste of the crust is phenomenal.  The toppings I added to my pizza were shrimp, chicken, cherry tomatoes, Mexican cheese blend, and turkey Canadian bacon.  The pizza turned out great! Only 8 Weight Watcher's Point Plus value per slice.  This is a better alternative to other leading pizzas.
My husband does not like whole wheat anything but he liked this pizza dough. It was very simple to make and spread on our pizza stone. We put Rossi Pizza sauce and mozzarella cheese on and it was great!
Great stuff!Love that it's organic and raw. But later saw same thing @ TJ's for less than half the price!
I love this organic raw honey!<br /><br />When using it in my tea I don't need a lot and the taste is great.<br /><br />Honey is also helpful with moisturizing and healing so other than consuming it I also use it on my hair and face often. The darker the better.
I absolutly love these candies that are only put on the market at Christmas and Valentine's Day. I would buy them all year if they were available: SO you can imagine how excited I was tao be able to get them for a while through Amazon.I can wait untill Christmas when they will be available again.
Cant find this flavor in the stores, so bought them here online.. Like them so much better than the Peppermint ones... I also like the Cinnamon Ones... Yum-O(as Rachel Ray states)...
The local merchants quit stocking this. Was pleased to buy this on line so I can make French Canadian pea soup again. 5 stars for ability to obtain since quality is not that much of a factor. All of Bob's Red Mill products are 5 star.
Its hard to find this stuff locally. Usually my parents have to bring it to me when they visit. Was pleased to find it on Amazon.<br /><br />Makes GREAT, TASTY dhall. We eat a lot of it, so its nice to know I can get it here again when I need it.
Bought these for a change from the green split peas. They are tasty and I like them. Will buy again. Always like Bob's Red Mill products.
Full bodied tea, no loss of flavor even though it is decaffeinated. Comes stored in its own heavy duty zipper plastic bag to ensure freshness during shipping. A great value for a good tea.
With the departure of Starbucks coffees, I reluctantly switched back to the other t-discs carried by local stores. I tried, I really did. But, it seemed like every other one I tried, which was basically every other one made, including the European t-discs, were not rich enough to satisfy me. I finally gave up and went back to an old fashioned drip coffeemaker so that I could make a nice, rich cup. I was still frustrated by the waste, since I'm the only coffee drinker in my home. Plus, being a basically lazy person, I didn't enjoy filling the reservoir every time I wanted to brew a pot, washing the pot out afterwards, or cleaning out the grounds from the filter.Recently, Tassimo/Gevalia came out with a dark house blend. The front of the package noted: "New! If you like Starbucks House Blend, try this!" As a last shot attempt before packing up my Tassimo for storage, I purchased this new t-disc coffee. Tasting my first sip, I was so HAPPY. Really really HAPPY! My coffee is so important to me, and the Gevalia Dark House Blend is AMAZING!!!! It's a rich, full bodied cup of coffee, and as I drink this day after day, I'm starting to think it's even better than my old favorite Starbucks flavors. It's as bold as Starbucks with no bitterness at all. I'd love to hear what others think of this. I am very pleased with it, and I'm so glad that I am able to go back to the simplicity of using my Tassimo brewer, because they make a great t-disc again!
This is the best thing from Gevalia.  I was drinking the Starbucks Africa and Verona before "the breakup."  I tried the Dark Breakfast from Gevalia, but it's horrible.  I can only drink it after adding the Maestro Lorenzo Espresso Intensivo.  That makes quite a nice cup with a good kick to it.  I even need a little cream in it to smooth it out a bit.<br /><br />But this one is just right.  It's a nice strong cup that doesn't need cream, but can take cream without losing flavor.  This is the first hope I have had for saving my Tassimo machine.  I don't want to go back to the Keurig.<br /><br />p.s.  I would still like a good decaf option.  Right now I use the Gevalia Signature decaf and add a shot of Gevalia decaf espresso to jazz it up.
I've tried all three new 'Dark' offerings from Gevalia and I think this is the best one from the three. Gevalia finally came up with coffee worth serving to your guests.<br />Coffee has an earthy bold taste with little to none bitterness and no metallic after taste; it actually leaves a nice smooth tasty chocolaty after taste.<br /><br />The pack comes with 12 big T-discs that will brew 8 ounces of coffee. This coffee will delight those who love the darker roasts.<br /><br />Update:<br />I am on my 5th cup of this coffee and it was really grown on me (changing from a 4 to 5 stars); it is quite tasty and smooth. This is one coffee that will truly satisfy the void that Sbux left. There will be some that will say that this is not the same as Sbux and it isn't! Try the coffee and give it a fair taste without trying to compare it to anything else you may find yourself quite surprised at the findings.  Highly recommended and definitely will be buying this one again.
finally some new varieties of tassimo ... I drink everything from DD to starbucks to nespresso to good blends from fairway .. this one is pretty much right on with the description - dark brew good medium body - it has a strong flavor but is smooth and no aftertaste at all, reminiscent of how sbux does brew their beans (but I like this better than the sbux house coffee..it's not quite as edgy), and is unlike many of the other gevalia coffees for Tassimo that I just don't like b/c of their aftertaste (bitter, to me) .. this one brews at 190 degrees (at least mine did), which is a bit hotter than I would make a cup of latte for example (at 160) so be careful on that first sip!  but I do think this one's a keeper...
Together with many customers, I was frustrated when Tassimo and Starbucks ended their relationship. My coffee was Verona.<br />Since that time, I have tried various alternatives (Gevalia Espresso, Tassimo Carte Noir, Tassimo Nabob & Kenco Med Roast) but with limited and varying degrees of success.<br />After reading a previous review, I sent off for a supply to test it - I love it!!!!<br /><br />I was on the point of giving my Tassimo machine away - no more.<br /><br />A great start to the New Year.
I recently got a tassimo machine and really like it, but the initial coffees that I tried were not as good as what I used to make by the pot. This one finally blew everything else away. It's delicious. The dark house blend is now my preferred t-disc when I want coffee. Since I'm not a coffee snob I don't like to get crazy with the adjectives, but this one has a very deep and pleasing coffee flavor. Full-bodied is a good way to describe it, as opposed to a lesser-bodied coffee that may smell good but tastes watered down when you drink it. This is definitely the best coffee I've ever tasted out of a home brewing machine and even better than many cafes can muster. It has no aftertaste and it is not bitter. You can drink it black with no sweetener and enjoy it, or add some cream. Even if you go heavy on the creamer it doesn't lose is flavor. Buy it, and ignore the starbucks haters. Seriously, starbucks' coffees are not as good as everyone makes them out to be. Dunkin Donuts coffee has them beat in price and quality.
I love this coffee, its dark but not bitter and smooth as silk. Its a big cup size 12oz so its great in the morning when I don't want to get up for coffee too much. If you have a Tassimo you should have this coffee blend on hand!
it tastes pretty decent but I wasn't aware how pricy they were when I bought them.  I paid $17.44 for a pack of 12!!!  What a rip off!
I loved the quality and the taste of these cookies. They are not too sweet and they will live to your expectations. To the person that posted a bad review, just a small comment. They are called meltaways because they have real butter, go figure. If you are interested in low fat food, look elsewhere. It like complaining that french fries are fried, or that chocolate is fattening. Just saying.
These were so, so good, and I love that they're made with whole wheat flour and a healthier sugar substitute (not aspartame or splenda).  I looked at some Atkins peanut butter cups I'd just bought, and they're a higher percentage of saturated fat than these cookies.  I worry a lot more about the sugar in a product than the fat, unless it's made with soybean oil or lists trans fat.  I list this as one of my "healthy snacks."  And since I'm over 40, size 4, with no health problems - I must be on the right track of what "healthy" is. :)<br /><br />One customer said hers were "greasy."  Maybe hers were in the heat, and the butter got hot?  I'm now placing my third order for these. They're worth it!
My husband is gluten sensitive, dairy sensitive, and diabetic, so it is very difficult to find desserts for him.  Usually, if it's gluten free, it has waaaay too much sugar, for example.  I tried a box of these cookies for him.  He tried them and said that they are surprisingly good.<br /><br />They are not mereingues, even though they are shaped like those types of cookies.  They are regular cookie consistency.  There are just a few in a package, so they are rather expensive.  However, they are less expensive than buying all the materials yourself and having them fail.  (Can you tell I have made some bombs in my time as a specialty cook? LOL)
I was looking for some nutritious snacks - with fiber - and came across these.  I've tried this variety and the oatmeal/flax ones and both are very good. They have a dryish texture but are full of flavor.  Wouldn't say they're like home baked, but there is no "artificial" taste at all. They're generous in size (3-4 inches diameter, almost an inch high) and though not calorie lightweights (120-140 each depending on the variety), they have 3-4 grams of fiber each. Highly recommend these for healthy snacking or even a quick breakfast.
After years of brandy-soaked Twinkies, I just tried one of these tonight.  Wow!  These are good.  My wife was right:  They're good.  But not so good you go crazy and eat the entire box.  It may be the whopping 3 grams of fiber in these tiny little things.  I think it's actually my stomach screaming, "NO MORE!  I CAN'T TAKE ANY MORE FIBER!  I'M GONNA BLOW!"<br /><br />They remind me of the homemade wholegrain hippy Eucharist from the late 70's and early 80's.  Heavy, moist, whole-grain goodness.  Takes me back to my Catholic school days.  They used to let us kids eat all the leftover homemade wholegrain hippy Jesus after a mass.  Good times.
Whole grain ingredients and good tasting.  Most Kashi products have mostly white flour with very little whole grains, but these cookies are primarily a whole grain mix. It's nice to have a treat that is more nutritious and still sweet enough for my sweet tooth!  There are several varieties of Kashi cookies, and they are all good.
YES, these are wonderful and healthy cookies, but this is a rare bad deal from Amazon (really DAB Nutrition)- they are charging about $25 (including shipping).  In less than a minute of web searching I found the same quantity for about $15 shipped.  Enjoy the cookies, but buy from someone else until the price comes down.
Yummy. Good flavor. I wish they were softer and not so crumbly......and for some odd reason they give me heartburn, and I never get heartburn. I still like the flavor.
<span class="tiny"> Length:: 1:00 Mins<br /><br /></span>These cookies are so great! Watch our video to see how great they really are!!!
These were shipped out the day after I ordered them and arrived within 5 days.  (I live on the opposite coast where these are made.)  My order arrived nicely packaged.  For the price, I got 1 lbs. 4 oz. of biscotti (I weighed it on my kitchen scale) cut into 10 big pieces.  Add the shipping and handling, and that comes out to a little more than $2 per piece.  This is approximately what my local bakery charges per biscotti too (when they have some.)  So, I guess this is the going price for homemade biscotti these days?<br /><br />The flavor is very almondy. And, the hardness is just perfect.  The biscotti is hard and crunchy, but it's not so hard that you couldn't eat it without dunking (as some biscotti are).  This biscotti can be eaten "as is" or can be dunked in coffee, tea or cocoa.  I dunked mine in Chai Tea and it tastes great.  And, the biscotti does not fall apart when dunked.<br /><br />I like the almond flavor, but I wish this came in anise flavor.  That's my favorite biscotti flavor.
This coffee has a smooth, carmely, dark finish that I love! My husband gets other dark blends that taste like charcoal to me. This one is very smooth, with just a hint of sweetness. I wish that Amazon had it on its monthly purchase program, would love to save 15% on it! However, I was glad to find it someplace besides Green Mountain. As prime members, we can get our coffee replaced in 2 shipping days v. a week or longer over at GM. Sweet!
This is the fifth different type of coffee I've tried with my Keurig coffee maker. Right now, it is tied with a Newman's Own k-cup as my favorite. A couple k-cup products seemed fine when I first tasted them, but have come to pale somewhat in comparison with other flavors and makes.<br /><br />This is a really smooooooooooooooooooth tasting coffee. It does not have a strong taste, but goes down very easily. There is a richness to the taste as well.<br /><br />Bottom line? I will be purchasing this again when my supply runs out as I continue experimenting with different flavor k-cups.
Great coffee.  Rich, robust.  A coffee-lovers choice.  If you like French roast or Italian roast, you will like this coffee.
I am a coffee snob. Yes, I admit it. I prefer fresh roasted Kenyan coffee, but also like Sumatran, Jamacan, Guatamalan, even Etheopian. I generally say that I don't drink Columbian. Most K-Cups are weak and less than stellar, though I have found several I enjoy. I was surprised by Caribou's Mahogany! It is excellent. Strong enough with an earthy, winey taste and smoothe finish (my description).  I eagerly tried their Daybreak, to my disappointment. Just ordinary. I don't often write reviews, but if this can get someone else to enjoy Mahogany it is well worth the time. If you have similar taste in coffee give it a try!! (and no, I don't work for them.)
I love this coffee. Very dark but not at all bitter. I finally found one I like as much as Jet Fuel.
My husband loves strong Caribou coffee but I like the milder one or "breakfast<br />type. I will drink this but Caribou of all kinds is a great coffee,no matter<br />how strong. It will not disappoint.
This morning, for the first time in my life, I tried Mahogani Caribou Coffee only because I had run out of my usual type of coffee, which I would usually brew and drink. In short, I should not even categorize Mahogany Caribou as coffee!!!! You know why? It has far more anti-depressant and uplifting effect on me than I had previously anticipated. From now on, I will only drink Mahogany Caribou.
You can taste the wood in the respect it taste like the coffee was roasted over wood.  It is VERY smooth, I detect no bitterness or over roasting.  Nice flavor.  My newest favorite amoung the k-cup line.  My old favorite was Donut Shop but not any more.  I am not as pleased with the other Caribou flavors but this one really surprised me.
Most Caribou coffees are too weak for me. This one is a delicious exception. It's right up there with Revv, Emeril's bold, or Van Houtte's eclipse. A Dark bold coffee without tasting burned or bitter.
Caribou's Mahogany is my favorite k-cup coffee.  It's got a great, rich taste.  It's dark, but not bitter.
It has a nice strong flavor with no bitterness.<br /><br />How strong is it? I would say it is similar in strength to auto-drip using 1 rounded tablespoon of coffee per 8oz of water.
I've been drinking Green Mountain's Dark Magic and really enjoyed it, however I wanted a change.  After some searching I discovered this coffee and am glad I did.  It's got an excellent deep flavor that I really enjoy.  Strong enough - yet not overpowering.  I recommend you give it a try.
I agree with the other positive reviews I see here.  Nice flavor, strong-ish, no bitter, grind-y or conference coffee flavors to mess it up.<br /><br />For reference purposes my in store drink is a Starbucks Americano.<br /><br />My favorite k-cups are:<br />Starbucks French Roast<br />Starbucks Caffe Verona<br />Starbucks Pike Place Roast<br />Green Mountain Xtra Bold Sumatran Reserve<br />Green Mountain Double Black Diamond<br />Green Mountain Revv<br />Green Mountain Dark Magic<br /><br />Other k-cups I've tried:  Coffee People Jet Fuel ,Green Mountain Dark Magic Decaf, Emeril Jazzed up Decaf, Starbucks Caffe Verona, Coffee People Black Tiger,  Starbucks House Blend, Starbucks Breakfast Blend, Starbucks Sumatra, Wolfgang Puck French Roast, Green Mountain Lake and Lodge, Green Mountain French Roast, Caribou Mahogony, Wolfgang Puck Sumatra Kopi Raya, Emeril Big Easy Bold
This coffee has a good flavor and a good strength.  At first it seemed strong but then I got use to it.  I recommend this flavor coffee. Good wake up in the morning.
Very nice, smooth cup of coffee.  Caribou Coffee has been a favorite of mine since the first time I visited Minnesota and had the opportunity to go to a store and have coffee.  I have since done mail order for their coffee and after purchasing a Keurig coffee machine was happy to see it was available in K-cups.  I also enjoy the Caribou Blend but I have to say this blend has a little more "kick" to it but still a smooth coffee with no after taste.
I hadn't tried Caribou brand K-cups before and am extremely picky.  I like a rich, intense, well-bodied coffee and this product delivered.  Strong but no bitter taste, when brewed with 6 oz. water.  I would recommend this product to anyone with similar tastes and will definitely buy it again.
This is one of my favorites.  It's smooth and rich and not too strong for morning but also bold enough that if I like a cup in the afternoon it will do for that too.  My only problem is that I can never find it locally - I almost always have to get it online which is usually more expensive.  I've tried the Obsidian as a substitute and I don't like that one quite as much as the Mahogany.
This is probably my favorite k-cup so far. I'm no professional taster so talk of flavor notes in coffee or elsewhere usually leaves me scratching my head and thinking, "if you say so...". But at my first sip of this dark, smooth coffee, I though chocolate. It's not flavored or sweet but, for me, it has a "note" of good, dark chocolate. Highly recommended if you like your coffee strong and full of flavor.
Very Smooth Rich flavor even on the largest setting, dark blend a very satisfying cup of coffee. I will recommend this to my friends.  This product arrived on time well packaged.
Obviously taste is an opinion but in my humble opinion this is the best coffee out there for Keurig and I have tried a billion. I love dark roast but Starbucks' French roast, Sumatra, and others I can't remember off hand seem to taste stale to me or not as bold. Can't stand any of Caribou's other dark roasts, such as Obsidian which you can get at Target sometimes. All in all, I am hoping this one sticks around, Ange's personal fav.
Smooth. Full of flavor. Not bitter. No nasty aftertaste. People that like Newmans extra bold, Starbucks Verona and Sumatra, Tullys French Roast and other dark cup should love this.  It's better!
Although I've only been able to try three of Caribou's k cup blends (Mahogany as well as <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00474OR8G">Caribou Coffee, Caribou Blend, K-Cup Portion Pack for Keurig K-Cup Brewers, 24-Count</a> and <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00474VPLI">Caribou Coffee, Daybreak Morning Blend, K-Cup Portion Pack for Keurig K-Cup Brewers, 24-Count</a>), I've found that Caribou consistently produces the highest quality k cups.  They are head and shoulders above their competitors like Green Mountain and Van Houtte.<br /><br />I should mention that Caribou's Daybreak blend is far and away my favorite k cup flavor of the 20 or so I've been able to sample so far.  But I enjoy a flavorful medium roast.  My boyfriend, on the other hand, prefers an extra bold dark roast.  After our favorable experience with the Caribou brand before, we picked up a box of this coffee and hoped that it would be a great choice for a dark blend.<br /><br />Let me just say that Mahogany is full of smokey delicious flavor.  It's quite strong and dark, but there is no rancid bitterness or acidity that accompanies a lot of the dark roasts.  This coffee packs a powerful punch.  Although that isn't normally my thing, I can enjoy a cup of this with milk and a bit of sweetener.  My boyfriend adores it, though, and it has become a staple blend for him.  I will still drink this on occasion, but it's a bit too potent for me.<br /><br />I think this is the best dark roast I've had the chance to try.
Nice bold taste but with a little "packaged" overtone.  Like other K-cup products this is just a shade below fresh.
Got this in a k cup sampler, the best k cup so far.  If you like good strong coffee with a lot of flavor, slight hint of cocoa, this is it.  No bitter after taste.  This one goes on top of my reorder list, perfect for the K Cup System.  The one reviewer on this post that gave it one star has no taste buds.
my wife and I are avid Keurig coffee fans (with three brewers between the two of us). We started out ordering all the flavored pods and soon learned than are likes were back to the basics ..... we each have a couple of "full" strength and then go to the "de-caf" for that last cup.<br /><br />Mahogany is my choice for the full blend.  It's smooth ....has an excellent taste and aroma.<br /><br />We are totally satisfied with this order .....
The name of this coffee is Mahogany, in my mind a deep rich brown. The coffee flavor is deep and rich, and the color is dark brown. It is delicious.
I ordered the Mahogany Caribou Coffee K-Cups and adore them.  I recommend this product if you like bold coffe with a smooth taste.
This is a serious cup of joe. Yummyness!<br />I have turned at least 3 friends onto this coffee.<br />Robust and aeromatic
this is maybe the greatest coffee ever made.  i have had this many time before in regular bean that i grind myself,  but never in k-cups.  Tastes the exact same and its maybe my favorite coffee ever
I like the taste of this coffee. Tried the other brands but got stuck on this one, I also like the ECO friendliness of the company.
This is the best Caribou kcup if you like a dark, hearty roast with good flavor and little acidity.  Will definitely buy again.
I have been drinking Tully's Kona for the past 2 years, but with the price increase of kona, I needed to find something less expensive. After trying numerous kcups, this Mahogany is just as good as the Kona, with a full coffee flavor, and a hint of caramel. I am happily converted.
I enjoyed this because of the full taste I get out of it without it being too bold or having a burnt taste.  To me it is a bit above the medium blend.  I do take creamer with my coffee so the boldness may be tamed down. I will definitely order more of this when I'm am out.
I could get very used to this!  This is a nice, strong, robust coffee without bitterness.  The K-Cups are so convenient and make no mess.
I really enjoy this coffee - I have used a variety of the K-cups and this is one of the best.
Strong smooth velvety flavor.  Mahogany describes the color and the mood you get when drinking. Absolutely the best. I've found my favorite.
Of all the coffees I've tried -- and I've tried A BUNCH -- this is hands-down my favorite.  Great bold taste but no bitter aftertaste.  I drink coffee all day, and I like it strong and fresh.  It can be difficult to find a stronger tasting coffee that's really great without cream or sugar, I drink my coffee black.  I've not yet found anything I like better.  Yum...
If you're a fan of full-bodied coffees, give this one a shot.<br /><br />For my taste, the vast majority of k-cups are too watery and weak (even on the small cup setting), so I gravitate towards the extra-bold varieties.  I had previously been enjoying Newman's Own Extra Bold and GM Dark Magic.  After reading some favorable comparisons between those and Mahogany, I decided to give it a chance.<br /><br />I find that it's slightly less bitter (not that bitter is bad) than Newman's EB or Dark Magic, and a little smoother.  I also think it's more full bodied without any burned bean flavor.  I've tried the Mahogany on the larger cup setting and actually still liked it -- something I've never said before.
I've sampled many different k-cup coffe types. I prefer a really robust coffee and Carbou mahogany really dosn't provide that. I would cassify it as medium roast coffee with a smooth melow taste. If that is what u are after , then give this blend a try.
No bitterness.  A strong, full-bodied, cup but does not taste like ashes.  Smooth, very drinkable.  If you like bold, dark coffee, this will please.
In my office, and for me personally, this is the smoothest and best tasting coffee you can buy for your Keurig machine. Great price too!
I have tried about every k cup brand....Caribou Mohogany is my all time go-to brand.  Flavorful yet not strong and no jitters.  You get the same great flavor whether you make a small cup or a large one.
If you like a bold cup of good coffee...and have a Keurig single up brewer, this is the flavor to buy!  Never dissappointing with Carbou Mahogany!
i have this strong flavorful mahogany coffee by caribou in my Keurig.  I love the taste.  I do like strong coffee and this seems to be the right blend of strong to medium.  I use a vanilla diet supplement in the coffee every morning with a splash of torani sugar free syrup and there is breakfast on the move.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00474VPY0">Caribou Coffee, Mahogany, K-Cup Portion Pack for Keurig K-Cup Brewers, 24-Count</a>
We love this coffee. It is the best K cup we've found. We like strong coffee and struggled at first to find one that we enjoyed. The prices on Amazon can't be beat and the shipping super fast.
My husband enjoyed this coffee. We usually use Newman's Extra Bold but thought we<br />would try something different. It was a bit too strong for me; I prefer Newman's. But it was<br />still good.
I like strong coffee, but I don't want it to taste burnt or have an acidic after taste. Caribou Coffee's Mahogany is full bodied with a nice balance of dark notes and acidity.  It's one of my "go to" coffees when my favorites like Coffee People's Wake Up Call are out of stock.
I like my coffee strong. This is the first brand that I have tasted that provides the kick I need without the bitterness. I keep my pantry stocked with Mahogony and I do not share!
love to order my coffee on amazon.  easy and shows up quickly.<br />This k cup is great coffee.  dcaf is very good as well
One of the richer coffee for k cups! We typically grind our own even for the Keurig but the Mahagoney from Caribou is a great alternative. Order was shipped very quickly.  Will definitely buy again.
This is my favorite K-cup coffee (I've tried about twenty different types) and, so far, everyone I've served it to really likes it a lot. Even the pickiest coffee connoisseur I know thought this k-cup made an excellent cup of coffee. Two non-coffee drinking friends wish they liked coffee because they love the sound of Caribou Mahogany.
This is a great coffee.  Its dark but not bitter, a little chocolaty, and it reminds me of an Adirondack lodge.  I can get them for a better price in a Caribou Coffee store, however.
I've tried quite a few coffees and many end up tasting the same. However, this and the Italian Blend by Timothy's are two that are very good black or with cream/sugar. If you're looking for a simple coffee without all the flavors, this is the one for you.
I've tried over a dozen varieties of K-Cups and this is, by far, my favorite!  It's strong but not bitter and just has a great flavor.  This will be my choice from now on.
Without beating it to death - If you like a full bodied, but mellow brew this might be for you.  It is hearty, but not at all bitter.  It holds a nice full body, even when the Keurig is set to the oversize setting.  It's now my favorite blend.
I go for the bold varieties of coffee and this Mahogany is not only bold but very smooth.  My all time favorite!
So Far this is the only K-cup I've found thats tastes great with a normal brew!  It's not watered down like the regular stuff, and dosen't taste burnt like the bold stuff. They only K-cup i'm buying from now on!
We've tried every coffee brand available for the Keurig, and this one is, by far, the best.  It's extraordinarily smooth and rich - the closest to Starbucks, if that's your thing.  I add to it a healthy splash of Bolthouse coffee/mocha - very good.
The Mahogany has a smooth full bodied character.  I highly recommend this coffee to drinkers looking for a bold but not overpowering taste!
This was sold out at Cafe Express site.  Thrilled to<br />Find it here. Quick delivery and great service!  Happy to know that I can find it here.
My favorite blend of my favorite coffee.  Used to have to smuggle a few pounds of the stuff back in my suitcase everytime I went out to the midwest! Now I can get in k-cups.  Yay! Good price on amazon, but super saver shipping takes forever! Fedexing it to the post office makes no sense.  just fedex it to me and shave 2 days off the wait already!
This coffee is very smooth but rather flat compared to Starbuck's brews.  It doesn't have any bite to it.<br />If you like a mild coffee, you will enjoy this one.
Let me be honest, I wasn't expecting this to be very good. I received a sample and it sat in the fridge for a good week before I was brave enough to give it a taste.<br /><br />At first sip, it was much sweeter than I expected it to be. I could certainly taste the pineapple, but the coconut flavor was much more pronounced than I thought it would be. It was good! I very much enjoyed the taste of the drink. It was exotic and refreshing. It was much fuller in weight, as I was thinking it would be watery with a mild flavor.<br /><br />The box reminded me of those chocolate milks that I buy for my kids, but it didn't detract from the flavor.
I have been buying ONE Coconut Water with a Splash of Pineapple regularly for awhile now. I like the flavor and ordering it on line is very convenient. Also, I have had no problems with delivery.<br /><br />Unfortunately, IPROZON has just lost my business.  I didn't mind paying $15.00 for a case of 12.  I will not, however, pay $39.95 for a case of 12.  That is robbery.  I can walk into Fred Meyer Grocery and buy a case of 12 for $17.88.  Plus there are other sites still selling it for $15.00 per case.  I noticed IPROZON is still selling the other flavors of ONE coconut water for $15.00 for a case of 12.  So what on earth are they thinking.<br /><br />I am quite unhappy with having to trust one of these other sites with my credit card information, but I am willing to do that versus paying nearly $40 for a case of 12.  Quite ridiculous.
I was exhausted, hot, and dehydrated when I spotted this in a concourse store at JFK airport.  I was about to get on a 6 hour flight and water sounded too unsatisfying - but juice sounded too heavy.<br />I'd heard the rumblings about coconut water so I looked to see if I liked any of the flavor options - I can't stand mango and just about everyone adds it. I was relieved to see the O.N.E. coconut water with a "splash of pineapple" so I figured I'd give it a go.<br />The woman at the counter said "are you sure you want that? It's $4." Steep! But it's an airport, what can you do? By that point I was so wanting to try it I said sure.  After all, it would've been $3 for a sticky sweet soda.<br />I was so happy with it that I kept the empty tetra pack with me the whole time I traveled so I would know which one it was.  It doesn't taste heavy (in case the pina colada reference made it sound that way) but the pineapple takes the edge off the green coconut water.  It's amazing.<br />I was happy to find it on Amazon - as I'm definitely hooked.<br />Since I have Prime shipping, it gets to me in 2 days (if I order it right, that is!) which saves me a trip to various local stores trying to see who still has it in stock.<br />I'm totally thrilled with this stuff.
O. N. E. Coconut water is delicious and refreshing. It is amazing how it rids me of cramps in my calves and lower back.
This drink is perfect for the summer. It is a healthy alternative to soda, and a great way to hydrate your body. I know this isn't the "healthiest" coconut water on the market (it does have cane sugar), but it's the best one for those who are new to coconut water, or just don't prefer something as natural as pure coconut water. My brother hates coconut water,but loves this stuff. This drink is not too sweet,and has the perfect balance of pureed pineapple and natural coconut water subtly mixed together. I like vita coco's fruit infused waters as well, but find that this drink is a lot smoother in texture, and slightly more refreshing on a hot summer day.
I happen to like foods that arent as sweet as kool aid or other sugary drinks. Very refreshing after mowing the lawn and helped  keep those afternoon headaches away.
I got the O.N.E. Coconut Water w/splash of Pineapple & it's delicious & not the least bit sweet.  Just very refreshing!!  LOVE IT and will continue using it.  Saw this on Dr. Oz as he recommended it.
I saw this item in my local grocery store, and I thought I would give it a try.<br /><br />I have to admit, I was very surprised about how much I enjoyed this item.  I found it refreshing, and I felt that I had a bit more energy. I would happily purchase this product again and again.<br /><br />A word of advice to people complaining that it doesn't taste "coconutty" enough.  Coconut water and coconut milk are two very different things.  Coconut water comes from a green, immature coconut, while the milk comes from what we all think of when we think of a coconut...a hard, brown, fiber covered shell.  Just like a green banana and a ripe banana taste different, the same can be said of coconut.  If you don't think of this as a coconut drink or a pina colada, you will probably enjoy it even more.
This is the best drink out there!  I've always had adult acne and no matter what I took or what the dermatologist prescribed for me, it has always been so difficult to treat my acne.  I started drinking coconut water for the electrolyte benefits after my intense spinning classes but I noticed within several weeks that my face started to clear up and actually looked smoother!  Besides keeping me hydrated and my electrolytes in balance, it has improved the quality of my skin tone!  LOVE IT!!!!!!
I started drinking coconut water when it was suggested to me by a friend.  I never really loved the taste of it, but I spend a great deal of time in the desert and I just can't seem to suck down enough water without getting waterlogged, so I was excited when I found flavors.  I know that recently it's become trendy and much harder for me to find, but my friends have been drinking it for years, as has my yoga instructor, and they highly recommend it for drinking not only for sports, but also to keep hydrated.  Plus, it's done wonders for my always dry skin.<br /><br />If nothing else it's a great avoid a hangover cure if drunk before going to bed, and if your partied too much to avoid being sick it seems to work much better than Pedialyte to get your electrolytes back in balance.
I admit that I fully expected to dislike this product, and approached it with a dismissive attitude - something that's this trendy can't be any good, right? well, I was wrong. The ONE coconut water is refreshing, delicious, and just barely sweet. Really wonderful stuff. The hint of pineapple adds a little bit of acidity that enhances the basic taste of the water. i bet this would make a great summer drink too, but I only had one so I didn't get tot try that. My problem now is that it's been out of stock, so I can't get more.
I decided to try this although I am not a big fan of flavored waters.  It is quite refreshing and the flavors are quite vibrant and not weak as in some concoctions.  I happen to like both coconut and pineapple so there is no problem with the basic idea and both can be distinguished in the mix.  The one drawback for some is because pineapple is a rather strong addition, even a splash puts it up front and center.  This added to the coconut may make it far too sweet for some.  It would certainly be a good pick me up after a workout or, in my case, after shoeveling the snow that seems to be deposited regularly this winter in the Northeast.
Being a ride leader with a bicycle club, I use coconut water (with its high Potassium and vitamin C) as an energy drink. I prefer this product to that you find in ethnic markets, because it has no added sugar and it hasn't been boiled.
Coconut Water with a splash of Pineapple<br /><br />This is refreshing!  It's sweet, but not too sweet.  The coconut flavor isn't pronounced, and the pineapple isn't so overpowering that it tastes like syrup.  It's clean tasting.  According to the packaging, "it has five essential electrolytes, more potassium than a banana, no fat, no cholesterol, and no preservatives."  There's a smidge of fiber, 0.8 g of protein and 16 g of sugars.  I suspect most of the sugar comes from the pineapple, but "cane juice" is one of the ingredients, too. The 8.5 fl oz carton comes to 75 calories.<br /><br />If you sign up for subscribe & save, it's less than $1 per carton.  Actually, the carton is the only thing I don't like about this drink.  It's sort of hard to drink directly from because there isn't any air getting let in when you drink, which makes a vacuum.  This was solved by pouring it into a glass.  *whew*<br /><br />This was good.  I will definitely get more, and I highly recommend this to people who like pineapple juice.
I LOVE THIS STUFF. Really, I do. I have tried all of the flavors, but I haven't tried the original. I have to say, by far, pineapple is my favorite. Guava is a close second. Who am I kidding? I love them all!<br /><br />Despite what others say about it tasting best at room temperature, I find it tastes very refreshing and even better when on ice. If you want a natural, tasty alternative to water, this is for you.
Since I had been recuperating from a 24 hour flu bug that lasted a<br />week, I knew I was low on electrolytes.  I opted for this product,<br />as some products tend to further aggravate my stomach and<br />acid reflux.  This worked out extremely well, and the taste<br />is good.  I WILL keep it on hand from now on!
I have tried all the different brands of coconut water and O.N.E. is my favorite and O.N.E. Coconut Water with a Splash of Pineapple is my favorite flavor. I wish the price would come back down I absolutely love this stuff!
...Then O.N.E. COCONUT WATER WITH A SPLASH OF PINEAPPLE is the drink for you.  I found this drink to be almost overpoweringly sweet as a standalone beverage.  According to the package, O.N.E. COCONUT WATER WITH A SPLASH OF PINEAPPLE contains natural coconut water, natural pineapple juice, cane juice, vitamin C, and natural fruit flavor.  Personally, with the coconut and the pineapple, I think they could have left out the sugar cane.<br /><br />However, when I paired O.N.E. COCONUT WATER WITH A SPLASH OF PINEAPPLE with a light snack of cheese and crackers, it became a very tasty, refreshing drink.  I, apparently, needed a little salt and/or savory to make O.N.E. COCONUT WATER WITH A SPLASH OF PINEAPPLE completely palatable.  With the afore mentioned snack, the O.N.E. COCONUT WATER WITH A SPLASH OF PINEAPPLE is really delightful.  I can also see it being very invigorating on a hot summer today (not so much with the cold winter weather).<br /><br />O.N.E. COCONUT WATER WITH A SPLASH OF PINEAPPLE comes in a handy 8.5 oz box with a place to punch a straw through.  This type of packaging is nice if you are on the go or have kids.  Just throw it in your bag and go.<br /><br />Prior to this experience, I had not heard of coconut water.  On the packaging it says "O.N.E. COCONUT WATER WITH A SPLASH OF PINEAPPLE is a blend of the natural water from inside a young, green coconut and sweet, golden pineapple juice. It has five essential electrolytes, more potassium than a banana, no fat, no cholesterol, and no preservatives."  Huh...who knew you could drink a green coconut?  Educational and a good source of potassium.  Being allergic to bananas, it is always good to have another source.<br /><br />Overall, I would not drink O.N.E. COCONUT WATER WITH A SPLASH OF PINEAPPLE by itself in the middle of winter.  But together with non-sugary snack or in the high heat of summer, I would definitely give O.N.E. COCONUT WATER WITH A SPLASH OF PINEAPPLE another try.
This seems like a pretty straightforward drink. It's coconut juice and it's pineapple juice, with a bit of sugar and not much else.<br /><br />They claim it's a good source of potassium and electrolytes.<br /><br />For me it was pretty tasty. Granted it was also very sweet. Is it a "health drink"? I don't know if I'd go that far. It has Vitamin C and trace amounts of Calcium / Iron, but not much else other than sugar.<br /><br />For what it is (something sweet to sip), it's pretty good.
This is a close second to my all-time favorite, Jack Links Beef Steakhouse Steaks, which is the filet mignon of beef jerky. They're very similar in taste and price, but the Steakhouse edges out this one oh so slightly. Still pretty awesome jerky, very tender, and not a hint of fat or gristle. Bon appetit!
Actually, Sojo's strongly recommends that the meat you add to their mixes be raw, but it an be cooked as I choose to do.  My dog arrived with coccidia and giardia as a puppy.  Through veterinary mismanagement, he was never completely healthy for the first 2 1/2 years of his life.  After watching him get sicker on an aggressive course of antibiotics and prednisone for his Inflammatory Bowel Disease, I took him to a holistic veterinarian.  Part of his treatment has been a homemade diet of Sojo's and meat plus no medications.  I'm extremely pleased to report he has had no GI episodes in over 6 months and has reached a point where I consider him healthy.  His coat is glossy and much fluffier than before he's finally at a good weight.  I have before and after photos that show a dramatic improvement,much of which I credit to Sojo's.<br /><br />It does take some extra time to prepare as opposed to kibble, but I make 4 days worth at a time. This takes me about 30 - 40 minutes total which includes down time while the meat is cooking and cleaning up after.  To be completely honest, I'm not thrilled about cooking for my dog but I am thrilled with the results.  If I was able to feed him raw (perhaps down the road, when our vet gives the ok), preparation time would  be almost nothing.
Sojos foods have been tested for nutritional content and they are all formulated to have a calcium to phosphorus ratio of 1.4:1. You do not need to add calcium or phosphorus.
I feed my dogs Sojos as part of a mixed bowl of quality kibble and quality canned food.  I recommend Sojos.<br /><br />But I had a problem with the Amazon purchase.  Amazon stored the Sojos bag in the original mailing box Sojos sent them.  My order was picked from the shelf and the box containing the Sojos was placed in another box and mailed to me.  The bag of Sojos was almost one year old and there was no way Amazon kept track of that.  I got a refund from Amazon with no question and very quickly, but Amazon needs to keep control of the "use-by" dates of food they offer on their site.
I have three Newfoundlands so we go through a lot of food!  One of the dogs has had severe health issues and since we've switched from commercial kibble to home made food, he's thrived!  He gets regular blood tests to monitor the drugs he's on and they have been perfect since we started on Sojos!  It will not cure his issues, but he has more energy and he can't wait for meal time!  The other two are glowing with health as well!  All three dogs coats are shiny and they have tons of energy (for a Newf!)
I think this is a great product but my picky dog gets tired of it after a week.
My small mixed breed is a picky eater but he seems to like solos so long as I mix it with some good people food. He hasnt had problems digesting it  Delivery was prompt as expected.
I have a now 8 month old male Shih Tzu.  When I brought him home from the breeder, I kept him on the 'Pro Plan Puppy' tiny dry kibble until the bag was almost finished.  There was about 2 cups left in the bag and he began walking away from his bowl as soon as I put it down.  As a test, I rolled a few morsels across the tile floor in the kitchen to see what would happen...he'd eat about 10 pieces and go bring me one of his squeaker toys to play with. (Which I was happy with, as I don't want to 'play' with his food as a game to get him to eat).  I went and got him Blue Buffalo dry puppy food (lamb and oatmeal formula), which had bigger size kibbles.  It seemed that he liked the bigger sized items to chew on and the harder antioxidant bits, since he was teething and chewing on his dentabones, venison antler, lamb lung chips for comfort.  Again when I got down to about a quarter of food left in the bag, he would walk away from the bowl---this went on for almost 3 days.  He was still having small bowel movements, urinating, drinking water and playing, running and continuing his successful training exercises; called the vet and they wanted to give me wet venison formula by Science Diet/Veterinarian's Diet after the exam, which showed nothing physically wrong.  The one vet tech said that Shih Tzu's tend to be picky eaters.  I didn't pick up the food at their check out counter, left and began some of my own research into the breed itself and a more natural diet.  I know from some of our outdoor excursions that he's attracted to road kill (he'll sniff the air, and want to lunge for it and would probably eat it if left to his own devices...but I won't allow it).  I remember being a kid in the late 60's early 70's and all my friends who had dogs fed them 1 of 2 choices available back then: Gravy Train or Alpo and they mixed meat or the drippings from the meat; they ate bones, etc and all lived into their late teens.  One of my friends small mutt lived to be 24 years old!!!  I never saw these dogs itching or digging at themselves other than the usual ears or if their was a flea problem, since I grew up in a rural area and most often that was a common occurrance.  Well, I read up on the more natural diets and decided to get the Sojos and ground beef and some boneless chicken thighs/breasts.  My Weston isn't a big fan of totally raw meat, but when browned (I put it in the toaster oven and add 1/4 tsp of 'Missing Link' to the meat portion) with the soaked Sojos Original, he eats with gusto!!!  From his early days, I would play with and take his food away, so he's not food aggressive.  He eats the recommended portion for his size and walks away when done.  Weston then wants to play hard, train hard, take a nice walk and nap.  His coat is soft and easy to keep brushed and groomed.  The droppings are nice sized and easy to clean up.  I just had him neutered 2 days ago and he ate this Sojos mix with the same gusto (even with the e-collar to challenge him).  So I am a fan and we are finished with the second 2.5 lb bag and I just ordered another one.  Hope this helps someone with a picky eater; I know another reviewer mentioned their Shih Tzu not liking it, but this shows you that dogs have certain tastes different from each other, much like us humans.
I didn't mean to order a 40-pound bag. But I did. Wow. That's a lot of food. Be sure to mix it with protein or else you dog will suffer a bit of internal distress.
I was introduced to these very small doggie bones at my Vet.  My 14 year old Springer who has never been much into doggie bones LOVES these things!!  They make great pocket stuffers to carry around for incentive and motivation.  My old guy has a hard time waking up to go outside and one wiff of one of these bones does miracles.  I have a younger Springer who also loves the bones but she doesn't need much motivation to do anything, ha, but they are also great training aids.  I also sent home a handful of these bones with a painter I had at my home for his 3 dogs and he said they loved them too....so I guess that's antidotal but that's 5 dogs that really love the things!  Oh, the bones are way more expensive when you find them at your Vet, about twice as much per pound, so this is a great buy.  Buy a nice food safe container from Home Depot and fill it up.  You won't run out of bones for a while and that's a good thing!
It seems most of the organic/shade grown/fair trade coffee is medium or dark roasted, so I've been having a hard time finding something that I like.  While this doesn't wow me like some other coffees, it's priced cheaper than those coffees and it's a good brew for when I'm not really paying attention to what I'm drinking (like when I'm working).<br /><br />I'm definitely going to keep this one around, and just switch to the expensive (better) coffees that I've found when I can really enjoy them.<br /><br />Compared to other coffee that's not organic/shade grown/fair trade, this is an average light roast.  Good, but nothing to get excited over.  It's worth purchasing over those coffees because of the growing practices.
I recently moved and couldn't find a thai restaurant nearby. My favorite meal at my old thai place was massaman curry. I used the recipe on the back on the package when I got it, and it was JUST like what I get at the restaurant! Excellent flavor!
We love to get Masaman curry at our local Thai restaurant, but I haven't been able to find a paste that actually tastes like it.  This paste does, and is very easy to prepare.  Just add some coconut milk and heat - add your protein and veggies of choice, done!  I have now bought some of the other Mae Ploy products, and found them all very good quality with authentic flavors.
This is really delicious and not something you can find in the local grocery store.  If you did it would be very expensive and a much smaller quantity.  This is a good deal and super easy to use.
I ordered this product to send to my friend's husband. They had just moved to Alabama in the end of March, she could not find ANY Diet Peach Snapple that tasted the same as what they had bought up here in New Jersey. He said that the water that was used down South made the Diet Peach Snapple taste different ! So, now she is happy because she has found  a source that they can buy his Snapple from ! Thank you.
This peach flavored diet tea by Snapple is extremely refreshing after a long summer's day! It's truly a diet tea--there are zero calories. It's best served chilled; and it has a mild but not overwhelming peach flavor to it that is just right. Snapple makes this with green and black tea leaves; there's also a mild green tea flavor mixed in with the peach flavoring. They use filtered water as well. This tea is sweetened somewhat with Aspartame; but Snapple adds in just the right amount so that it's not excessively sweet. If you want really tea that is rather sweet, you'll either have to look further or use this with added sweetener. It also contains phenylalanine and it is kosher if these are dietary concerns for you.<br /><br />If you have other questions, the company has a toll free number so that people can contact them.<br /><br />Overall, this tea is perfect for a hot summer's day when you want something cool to refresh yourself and whet your whistle. I highly recommend this product.
Previously I bought some mustard seed that was unbearably bitter, but the mustard I made with this seed is very tasty and (after mellowing a few days) not bitter at all. Pleasantly spicy.
In my quest to find snacks that are not empty calorie types, this is one of my new favorites.  Great taste, and although a hefty calorie count, the decent amount of protein makes this a good choice for eating on the run, if a real meal just is not an option!  VERY satisfying.  I also tried the white sesame crunch, and that is ok too, but this one wins for taste.
Mrs. May's pumpkin crunch is a great snack. For those of you watching calories and intake, be aware that the 2oz portions are two servings. Most of Mrs. May's products are great, but with the fat at 11g per serving, i find it's not a complete guilt free snack. However, the pumpkin seed crunch has 9gms of protein per serving vs. the usual 4gms in their other snacks. So if you're monitoring your intake and want to indulge in these now and then, the pumpkin seed crunch is the healthiest option of the bunch.<br /><br />That said, they are all tasty and certainly not bad for you, just a little high in fat if you're watching your weight.
I love to put a bag of Pumpkin Crunch on the table at work and watch people's faces light up when they taste them.  Try it.
Mrs. May's Pumpkin Crunch is the best of the bunch.  If you like pumpkin seeds this is for you.  The slightly sweet cubes make me think I am eating cake.  These are great for snacking and even dessert. A truly wonderful product and gluten-free into the bargain!
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000EH2AMA">Mrs. May's Dry-Roasted Snack, Pumpkin Crunch, 2-Ounce Pouches (Pack of 24)</a><br />Pumpkin Crunch is great.<br />Stick with 2oz. size (2 servings)<br />Much too easy to consume entire 5.5oz. bag without realizing it.<br />:-D LOL
it has good tast and crunchy. I bought black sesame before, it is good too. highly recommanded.
I picked this up at my local grocery store in the seasonal aisle [with the Easter goodies].<br /><br />This moist cake mix can be made with or without eggs. I used them, and wasn't the least bit disappointed.<br /><br />I paired the cake with Pilsbury's Pink Lemonade frosting, too. But you could have it totally un-frosted if you'd like! You will still love it!<br /><br />Perfect for the family dessert, children's cupcakes, or a lovely addition to the ladies afternoon tea! If you love pink lemonade you are going to love this!<br /><br />The color just screams Spring and Easter! And the taste will leave you screaming for another bite!<br /><br />I give this 5-stars and my thumbs up!
I normally bake from scratch but when I saw this pink lemonade cake mix with matching frosting I just had to try them both. This cake can be made two ways: with or without egg yolks. I recommend with as the cake will be nice and moist as a result. This cake would also be just as good with plain white icing or just a dusting of powdered sugar. You can make it as a layer, bundt, or sheet cake, or as cupcakes. I picked it up at the grocery store recently for about $1.80 per box, the frosting was about the same price per can. I ended up going back and purchasing more for later as I believe this is just a seasonal flavor and Pillsbury will pull it from the market at some point. If they do I hope they bring it back every spring. Until then I'll be stocking up.
Like I said about the icing....I am so happy to be able to buy this online. It is a family favorite, it also was shipped on time and arrived early. Definitely going to buy again.
I picked up a box of this in a discount grocery store in paso robles. The cake was heavenly. I liked it so much, I found another store that sold the mix as well as the icing, and there is even a pink lemonade cookie mix which I bought but haven't tried yet.<br /><br />The taste, is of course lemon, but it reminds me a bit of that flavored mix Country Time I drank as a kid, but less tangy. Its very light and refreshing.<br /><br />I simply loved it. Hope this is more than just a seasonal flavor.
I tried the cookies and they were great nd trying to find them in the stores<br />with no success. did not realize they were seasonal or would have stocked up<br />great product
This is a great product, so it's no surprise that the local shelves are often cleared of it, especially early in the season. Purchasing in bulk through amazon.com is a dependable alternative. Bayer 2-in-1 in granular form feeds roses and flowers while protecting them with a systemic insecticide for up to 6 weeks, but you'll need a separate fungicidal/disease treatment, and the systemic would not be something one would apply to anything edible. Bayer assures me the product is safe for pollinators and earthworms.
I have been a rose Gardner for many years, I remember when this product was made by Ortho and called Rose Pride.  This product really helps with the pests and diseases that roses tend to acquire.  Though it does not stop all pests (cane borers) it stops the major ones that cause serious damage and spread disease.  I treat all my plants on the same monthly regiment and make sure to do it every four to six weeks making a note on my calendar.  Like one other reviewer said you will not see immediate results with this since it is systemic.  For the best results make sure to read the package and work the granules  into the soil and water in.
I have been plagued by white flies for over a year. Neither chemical nor natural treatment has gotten rid of them completely. I decided to try this as it's made by a respected international brand & I thought a systemic product might work.<br />A week after the first application there was no reduction in infestation but by the second week I started to notice less & less of the little vermin. By the time I was ready to do a third application there was not even one white fly or any other insect on any of my roses or any other shrub. I had even used it on potted plants which were also infested & it worked on everything.<br />Remember, the product is systemic and is absorbed gradually into the plant so you will not see an immediate improvement but it works wonderfully.  Also if like me, you don't always remember to spray regularly or get the underneaths of the leaves, then something which you can sprinkle at the base of the plant every 6-8 weeks is certainly a lot easier to use.
Works wonderfully for most all applications in the garden. Could not be easier since it is systemic and helps fertilize only what you want to fertilize.
These chips are good to sprinkle on salad, use in cookies and baking and sprinkle on cereal.  Very pleased.
This is the best mustard. my husband loves it on his sandwiches for work. it has the right spices and taste to enhance what you are eating. Have been looking for it in bigger tubes with not much luck but any size is great.
This is the best I've ever eaten.  If you like mustard and you like<br />horseradish this is the product to try.<br />My first experience with Thomy was several years ago when my Son lived<br />in Germany.  He used to send it home, but after he moved back to the<br />States the supply was cut off.  But when you notified me that it was<br />available, I was ecstatic.<br />The blend is delicious, and goes well with your favorite crackers and<br />cheese appetizers or with anything you enjoy with mustard.  It adds<br />that little zing.<br />Give it a try, you won't be sorry.
This mustard is NOT for the mild-mannered, but for those who truly appreciate great German food!  This product is original as sauer kraut und rot Kohl!  Its taste is very original and authentic for those who will appreciate a bit of zip in their mustard.  Try it on brats, burgers (etc.), and you simply won't be disappointed.  Alles Gute!  Jim
There isn't much to say about this mustard other than "Ummm Ummm Good!!!"  I tried this for the first time at a BBQ on a salmon burger and it truly brought the flavor out of the meat...now I use it on everything from chicken burgers to homemade Caesers dressing!  You'll love it!!!
Great with bratwurst, breakfast sausages, salami, cheddar cheese, sandwiches, etc., even though it is a bit exotic/expensive to use with sandwiches where it tends to fade into the background, it's best to keep it simple and let it stand out.
It arrived on time and was packaged well.  This was my first try of this mustard.  It was unique, similar to many other hot mustards, but I favored it over the others I have because of the balance of flavors.  It's almost as hot as English (Coleman's) mustard, but a little sweeter and maybe a slight vinegar essence in it. The tube and a bag of pretzels lasted me one or two evenings.
We became acquainted with this mustard when we were in Switzerland and really enjoyed it. That was our reason for purchasing it. Great find!! We have liked this as much as the one that we bought in Europe!
The Lobster Bisque is absolutely delicious. Nice lobster flavor; I cannot imagine what you could possibly add to improve the taste of this soup. Just open, heat and enjoy. I've become such a fan of the Baxter's line that I can't wait to try them all.
Baxters soups are usually very nice, but the lobster bisque is especially good. It tastes authentic, it has a good flavour, is creamy, and has just enough lobster bits to make it interesting. Add some fresh black pepper and a dash of brandy or sherry and it rivals soup served in a very good restaurant.<br /><br />It's also surprisingly low calorie. Though the nutrition info here says 130 calories for 8oz, the label actually says 120 calories, so even if you ate the whole can for lunch you would consume only about 220 calories.
No doubt about it this is just the right combination of Lobster, scampi, prawns with a hint of Dry white wine & a dash of brandy finish this soup to perfection.<br />Ingredients<br />Water, Lobster (4%), Cod (3.5%), Scampi (2.5%), Concentrated Tomato Paste, Modified Cornflour, White Wine, Prawns (1.5%), Skimmed Milk Powder, Butterfat, Double Cream, Salt, Yeast Extract, Sugar, Shrimp Powder, Fish Powder, Vegetable Oil, Vegetable Extracts, Stabiliser (Polyphosphates), Brandy, Concentrated Lemon Juice, Spices, Herb and Spice Extracts with celery.<br />*No Artificial Colours<br />*No Artificial Flavours<br />*No Artificial Preservatives<br /><br />Information<br />Gluten Free<br />Contains: MILK, FISH, SHELLFISH, CELERY.
This was actually a gift to my daughter (along with 3 cases of other Baxter's soups). She's of the opinion that Baxter's is absolutely the BEST canned soup on the Planet (of the soups she's tasted, which include the major American brands - she doesn't cook much). The Lobster Bisque rated just below Baxter's Scottish Smoked Salmon (which she rated the BEST EVER). (From my own perspective, and usually cooking my own food, I have to admit that the Baxter's soup line, for canned soup, is superior).
This soup is pretty good, not great! I put some heavy cream (1-2 oz) and some Tabasco in it. I have had a lot better Lobster Bisque - But at a much higher price...
In Europe, you find a bowl of dark flaxseeds to the side of the muesli set out on a breakfast buffet. A great source of Omega-3 oil, you can improve your health by eating these tasty, nutty seeds. They are good for the gut and good for the heart.<br /><br />The golden seeds are an attractive alternative to the nut-brown seeds. They look nice in baked goods like lighter breads. They taste the same as the dark seeds. Ground, they don't show up in white bread, so you can bust some up in the blender and throw then into your standard bread recipe and add needed nutrients and fiber.<br /><br />We like them sprinkled on oatmeal, muesli or yogurt.
I've been taking flaxseeds for several years due to the health benefits. I was excited to see such a great price on these from a reputable company. These are the best tasting flaxseeds I have ever had. To get the maximum health benefits you have to finely grind them in a standard coffee grinder. We usually grind 2 tablespoons per person twice a day and then add them to lemonade, crystal light, or tea and drink it down quick before it expands. Flaxseeds are loaded with minerals, vitamins, amino acids, and fiber. They are excellent for weight loss and work well for chronic constipation. There are several web sites out there that can tout the health benefits of flaxseeds but unfortunately it's against the review guidelines to post links so I'll just suggest to those of you wanting more information to search google.
Flaxseed is a great way to get fiber in your diet and this brand delivers.  It has a mild taste (I put 3 tablespoons in my morning smoothie) and gives you 36% of your daily fiber required intake.  Flaxseed also contain Omega 3 so you also place a powerhouse of nutrients in your diet with this little seed.<br /><br />An excellent source of protein, fiber, and minerals such as magnesium and copper- how can you go wrong?
It's best to buy flaxseeds as opposed to flaxseed oil or meal because you get more omega3. Since you are grinding the seeds yourself, the released omega 3 oils are at their freshest.<br /><br />I recommend storing these flaxseeds in the freezer. You can keep them there after you open them as well. I grind 2 tablespoons in a coffee grinder and then add it to yogurt or a protein shake. Good stuff!
Bob's Red Mill Organic Golden Flaxseeds are an excellent way to ingest some Omega 3.  96 ounces are delivered in 4 packs, and if you don't use it all immediately I suggest storing the seeds in the freezer to keep them fresh.  Grind them right before you use them, and they have a mild taste -- milder than brown flaxseed. I've ordered this product several times, and the quality has been consistently high.
Good product. But remember that you need some way of grinding because apparently we can't digest whole flaxseeds.
This is funny I bought the flax seed to make  a neck warmer  I made said to use Flax seed and warm in Microwave for 2 minutes.  Bought 4 bags only needed 2 so decided to make use of the rest. Grind and put over any food the benifits are great.<br />I put mine in Yogert and Cereal. Will diffently keep useing. After this last bag will be ording again.
I enjoy this flaxseed in everything I've tried it in so far. This product has a pleasant flavor, yet doesn't over power the foods I put it in. It helps to keep my digestive track regular. I ground it in my coffee grinder and just sprinkle it on just about everything. My husband and I love it in pancakes. I enjoy it in my cereals and even on ice cream. I especially like it mixed in my yogurt. I highly recommend this product.
I ordered this flaxseed after reading how good ground flaxseed was for you.  I ordered a grinder, both were reasonably priced, and the grinding was so easily accomplished.  I have been using flaxseed daily since that time, and the claims made on the Internet have proven to be true.  The product arrived on time and in great shape--I have purchased from this vendor several times, and have not been disappointed.
I've recently started drinking green smoothies to get healthier and had read that flax seeds have terrific health benefits such as lowering your blood pressure and cholesterol. I add a tablespoon of chia seed and flax seed to my smoothies every day and since drinking my fruits and vegetables I feel better, lost some weight and have stopped having heart flutters. I'm now looking forward to having my next blood work done to see how well it has helped. Highly recommend to anyone wanting to get healthy an all natural way!
Bought this as a way to take in omega 3 nutrient. The pack of 4 has lasted me almost a  year. You have to grind up the seeds and freeze the rest. No complaints; very reasonable pricing.
We are VERY happy with these Organic Golden Flaxseeds.  We grind them and put them in so many things plus they make a great topping for yogurt and cereal in the whole seed form.  These are now a staple in our house.
I have very little to say about the product except that it is a GREAT product and their delivery subscription works very well.
Great for you! Grind them up and add a few tablespoons. Can't tell it's there in your cereal ect..
This brand always makes good products, since you buy bulk they turn out to be quite cheaper than in the supermarket. very clean flaxseeds. I add it to my smoothies to bath my joints with some natural raw omegas, supposedly they are better if eaten sprouted, though haven't tried it.
These Flaxseeds are of good quality, I eat them daily.  Bought the whole seed, rather than the ground seed, because of the better nutritional value of grinding your own.  Will buy again.  I read that whole seeds can pass undigested, and that ground seeds can loose their nutritional value over time.  So we grind a week's worth at a time.  Best used in oatmeal as the flavors blend well.  Or in a cold cereal, or added to a cup of coffee for a twist. Seem to blend better in hot foods.
It's also a routine baking ingredient. I put it into my bread along with sunflower seeds and organic wheat flour. I also put it into my smoothie, stir fry dishes....anything you can think of! Good price and really, it's a must have for a healthy diet!
Looks fresh and clean; I have roasted it in the toaster oven and I also use it in food whole or ground up in the coffee grinder.
These are excellent quality flaxseeds! I just toasted them a little on a pan and even that made a great snack! I also powdered them in a coffee grinder after toasting them a little and the powder is delicious too :) Delicious + Nutritious = Awesome! :))) Planning to have it in my cereal tomorrow and maybe sprinkle some on my veggies. I think I will also try out Bob's Quinoa and Museli.
This is the 2nd order i have placed for Bob's Red Mill Organic Flaxseed. It is a good quality whole flaxseed. We grind it a little at a time and sprinkle it on cereal and in yogurt. It keeps a long time in the freezer. I have been using this flaxseed for about a year now ,eating a tablespoon about every day and have noticed that my skin is softer , plus it keeps me regular, if ya know what i mean !!! Flaxseed is also a good way to get in some of the Omega 3's, that the body needs.
The flax seed is packaged in separate smaller packages so that it can stay fresher longer and it was recommended by the flax cookbook I purchased.  This seed was cheaper than other brands I had checked on.  I am putting it away for any emergency that may arise.
I bought this before I realized how much I was getting and before I knew they had it at the grocery store! That was my own fault. I really should have waited. But the seeds are great, I just have way too many in my freezer!
I hope that this is really as nutritious as the claims.  I chew on this like the Romans and Greeks and it gets stuck on my molars.<br /><br />These seeds were easier going down when sprinkled on top of crab and egg fried rice.  Go figure.<br /><br />I incorporated a 1.5 cup into the regular white loaf recipe from The Breadbaker's Apprentice and found that the addition meant more warm water was needed to hydrate the dough and I did not get much of a rise, so I baked the loaf with tin foil over the loaf pan and the bread rose to its usual height.  Since white bread is not that healthy, I will include flax seed ground in my food processor to ameliorate the ill effects.
These are wonderfully crunchy and delicious. The calorie count is misleading, however! One piece is more than the 25 calories they claim it is. But it's worth it!.
If you like nuts and you're looking for a healthy, great tasting snack, you can't go wrong with Almond Crunch!  My husband and I recently eliminated high fructose corn syrup and partially hydrogenated soybean oil from our diet and we feel so much better.  Trying to find tasty snacks that don't contain these products is not easy so we were thrilled to find Mrs. Mays Naturals.  We love the Cashew Crunch as well!
The nuts used tasted very fresh. The bite sized chunks were just right. It is lightly sweetened but not too sweet. Very satisfying = )
Ok, I can't speak for when the last review was written, which looks like 2009, but I'm looking at the back of a bag of Almond Crunch and it clearly says that the product is made in California, not China. So if that was the main deterent back then, it's no longer an issue. I just discovered this snack and as a person who can't eat either gluten, soy, or dairy, I am thrilled to find a snack I can eat first of all, and a snack I can eat that is actually tasty, even better! I've been eating these for a few days now and no adverse reactions (and I have an extremely sensitive stomach). I plan on trying out all the flavors to figure out which ones I like the best but yeah, I'd highly recommend this product to those on restricted diets and even to those who aren't.
I'm known to be nuts for nuts, and I've tried nuts from around the world, as friends bring them back for me as gifts. Very near the top of the list of the best nut snacks is Mrs. May's Almond Crunch. From the first time I tasted it, to every time I eat it now, I am amazed at the crunchiness, quality of the almonds, lightly-sweetened glaze which is very unbrittle-like, attention to healthiness in the ingredients, etc. As a side note, because of how much I was impressed by this product, I went on a tasting spree by buying about 12 different kinds of Mrs. May's products, from the peanut and cashew crunches to the various sesame crunches, etc. Perhaps I'm biased to the original, but none of the others have that same magic. I would rate the rest as 4 stars. But the almond crunch should get 6 stars.
These are fresh, crunchy, natural, and healthy snacks you can reseal and keep in the car, crumble into non-fat yogurt or over salads, or pack some in the kids lunch. Convenient and delicious.
Based on other Amazon reviews, I tried this product.  The first shipment was great; delicious.  Thought I'd found my new healthful snack. 2nd shipment was a concern and disappointment.  Even thought of calling the company; but i didn't.  Several different packages had incredibly hard pieces of ??  wasn't sure they were almonds.  Became concerned I'd chip a tooth, so I haven't ordered any more.
Delicious, healthy, plus Amazon is cheaper than if you buy them from Mrs. Mays actual website.
Love these snacks! They're a little bit sweet, loads of crunchy almonds. Am looking forward to trying the other varieties, too.
After reading some of the frothing reviews criticizing Mrs. Mays for manufacturing their product in China -- which doesn't in any way address the quality of the product itself -- I tried to confirm this for myself. The website and packaging say nothing about this, so I wrote them an email asking where their product is manufactured. Here is the response in full:<br /><br />------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />Thank you for your purchase and inquiry. We understand your concerns because<br />food item are very personal. If you can spear a few moments to read details<br />about our quality assurance, it would be appreciated.<br /><br />Our factory in China is HACCP (Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point)<br />by US agency & BRC certified UK agency. HACCP, BRC & Kosher inspect our<br />factory twice a year and each organization also performs random unannounced<br />inspection at our factory.<br /><br />Please refer to the following sites if you like to learn more about the<br />HACCP and BRC certificate.<br /><br />http://www.idfahaccp.org/<br /><br />http://www.brc.org.uk/standards/default.asp?mainsection_id=7<br /><br />In addition, all of our finished products are tested 3 times.<br /><br />These tests are:<br />Salmonella testing<br />Aflotoxin testing, and<br />Microbiological testing<br /><br />Our current customers like Costco, BJ's Wholesale and Whole Foods market<br />have very high standards on what they carry and sell to its members.  You<br />can rest assure that all of our products are safe to consume. We also do not<br />have any Melamine in our product. Our products are "dairy free" Our products<br />are also tested randomly by FDA and always passed the inspection.<br /><br />The following is additional information:<br /><br />Here are the origins of the ingredients that we use:<br /><br />Almonds  -  California<br />Walnuts  -  California<br />Cashews  -  Vietnam / Brazil (Not grown in US)<br />Cranberries -  Oregon / Canada<br />Blueberries -  Oregon / Canada<br />Pomegranate -  Oregon / Canada<br />Natural Flavors -  California<br />Sesame Seeds  -  China (Not grown in US)<br />Rice Malt  -  China<br />Cane Juice  -  US<br />Sea Salt  -  China<br /><br />Please feel free to contact us with any further questions, comments and<br />concerns. We hope we have assisted you correctly.<br /><br />Thank you.<br /><br />Kind regards,<br /><br />Julie<br />Mrs Mays<br /><br />------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />I've read other reviews criticizing over sweatshops, Communism, and carbon footprint. To briefly address these: There has been no evidence that Mrs. Mays keeps its workers in sweatshops; despite the Communism, I'm sure the individual citizens find these jobs valuable; and ships produce 1/10th the carbon per pound-mile of trucks, meaning a 5000 miles by ship is as bad as 500 miles by truck.<br /><br />I really like the snack and I'd give it five stars, but I'm subtracting one star: I think it is deceptive that it was so hard to find out the snack was made in China. I don't have a problem with the snack's origin, but Mrs. Mays should be more forthright with their customers and let them make the decision themselves. Granted, most of us Americans are primed to flip out at the latest Scare of the Week, but that should be our choice to make.<br /><br />Oh, and the snack itself? It is quite tasty, filling, and healthy. I will continue to purchase it.
My husband has diabetes and has to watch what he eats....this is a great and healthy treat for him!  I couldn't find it at local stores, and was happy to see it available on Amazon!
There ought to be a recovery program. But the good side is that a Mrs. Mays addiction is healthy. I already have a stack of boxes in the garage so I won't run out. And here I am stockpiling more (in case of nuclear holocaust).<br /><br />Almonds have always been my staff of life -- raw, roasted, dry roasted, blanched, flavored, and of course Mrs Mays. I rarely have a day without them. I even feed them to the parrot. A bird guy told me they were the healthiest. And the bird goes nuts for Mrs. Mays.<br /><br />These are, dare I say, miracle nuts. One taste and I was hooked. How she can pack all that goodness into such a tasty snack with such healthy ingredients is a miracle. If you're tired of tastless, bland, gotta-eat-it-because-its-healthy snacks from the nutrition store, try these for a pleasant awakening.<br /><br />Mike
We are typical Americans who know we should eat better, but often don't because "health" food is usually expensive and frankly doesn't taste that good.  That is why we are so thankful to have found Mrs. May's products!!  They are all very healthy and quite tasty, and ordering them from Amazon keeps the cost down.  My son's a golfer, and I am always looking for portable, healthy snacks for him to tuck in his golf bag.  Mrs. May's products fit the bill nicely.
My family and I love Almond Crunch, they're just sweet enough, very crunchy, and a perfect snack.
I have tryed the Almond Crunch and is delicious and healthy snack better than chips Try it you'll agree
This product is excellent. It's also a nut snack that my wife, who has celiac disease, and is allergic to wheat and glueton can enjoy. I however can eat anything and this is the tastiest and most unique nut snack I've ever tried.  Al & Virginia Weatherly  53996 Luzerne Dr. Macomb, Mi 48042
This is by far the most delicious snack you could ever have!!  The almonds are super fresh and crunchy and the light coating of syrup is not too sweet.  My whole family loves it!!
My husband and both love almonds. I've even shared this snack with co-workers and everyone is raving about the good taste of this snack.  I'm taking a few bags on our next backpacking trip.
The negative reviews of Mrs Mays products just because it is made in China are not really valid, cannot base on other companies' poor quality control and apply to every company in the country!  There are many bad quality foods that are made in the USA that's bad for your health, so just because it's labeled made in USA doesn't mean it is good quality.  As long as a company takes pride in their quality control and not greed for profit only deserves good ratings and fair sales.
This is a great product.  We tried it at the beach the first time and loved it.  The cashew crunch was not as good.<br />We bought a case of the almond this week.  Just great!
I am in love with this tea. Every other apple cinnamon tea I've tried has been too cinnamon-y. This is the perfect blend. It tastes like apple cider without all the sugar, which I love. I recommend this tea to anyone who wants a low-cal version of apple cider.
This is the perfect gift with a southwestern flair.  The jelly's were of decent size, the spreader is a nice quality piece with a small glass chili pepper attached.<br /><br />Cute little bag - great gift for the price!
Montebello pasta has been made at the Monastero di Montebello in Isolo del Piana, Italy since 1388. I love Italian food but have severe digestive and allergic problems, and their pasta is friendly to me, and it tastes better than any other pasta I have eaten, and that's a lot, it is one of my favorite foods.
So... I usually consider pasta to be pasta to be pasta.  It's usually all the same to me.  HOWEVER... when I tried this brand of pasta, I noticed that it does taste better.  I can't describe how exactly, but it does.  I thought maybe it was my imagination (maybe knowing it's organic was influencing my judgment) but my sister commented on it when I served it for her one day.  She wanted to know where I got it - it tasted so good.  Hmmm.  So while usually there isn't much of a taste difference when it comes to noodles and pasta, for this brand there is.  It's subtle, but it's there.  When we moved from California I discovered they didn't sell it in the stores here in NY.  So I was elated when I found Amazon carries it.  Elated over a simple pasta?  Yes, that's how good it is in comparison!  Mmmmmm Mmmmm!
Best taste pasta. Cooks very well, slightly less time than typical mass produced pasta. Nice color and mouthfeel. Just excellent.
I have long searched for a great linguine and spagetti and this is it! Just made linguine with clam sauce and each time my husband remarks how terrific it is.  I buy in packages of 5 for both spagetti and linguine and will reorder when close to being out.
Good product just a little mellow on the pumpkin pie flavor to me. A little sugar on top before you brew picks it a enough though. Overall good coffee
These are hard to find these days.  Product arrived perfect and the gum was fresh and tasty.  We kept the box for about 1 year and the last pack tasted as good as the first.
Gum made without sugar substitutes isn't easily obtained these days, so I was happy to find Chiclets through Amazon Prime.  Sugar substitutes present problems for persons sensitive to them, so it's good to have the option of gum made the old-fashioned way. Another source for this and other gum from yesteryear is Vermont Country Store online; however VCS sells the same box of Chiclets for $14.95, so clearly Amazon is a better deal.  Amazon Prime (free shipping) makes it a much better deal.<br /><br />My Great-Grandpa used to come home with Chiclets from time to time, so this gum isn't just loaded with long-lasting peppermint flavor, but long-lasting, happy memories, as well.  I guess you can say there's a lot packed into such a little piece of gum.  Hope you enjoy as much as I do.
I love drinking green tea.  It is delicious hot or cold, but being able to take it with me anywhere was key.  So I searched long and hard for an alternative to canned and bottled green tea which can be cumbersome, expensive and hard to come by in most parts of the US.  In the beginning, what I found was either too expensive, had sugar in it (which defeats the purpose of drinking green tea in the first place) or did not get very good reviews.  Then I found this product and quickly ordered it at the great price and free shipping.  I was pleasantly surprised.<br /><br />The product works as advertised.  It dissolves quickly in cold water making it great to carry anywhere and it tastes great too.  The instructions say to use one packet for 8 ounces of water, but actually it should be used with 16 ounces of water, otherwise it can be too bitter.<br /><br />It not only saves money, but has replaced my canned green tea completely eliminating the number of cans that I need to recycle monthly.
The first part of this review is a history of my health problems and what green tea bottles and sugar had to do with me finding the stash teas products. If you do not want to read that part, skip down to the bottom, and there is the review of the stash teas, only.<br /><br />---------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />A couple of years ago I had a physical and my doctor told me that my Triglycerides were high. I was a serious soda drinker (sometimes as many as 5 cans per day, not diet), so I decided I needed to start drinking something "healthlier." I gravitated toward Green Tea because I like it. I averaged 2-3 1/2 liter bottles per day for 2 years (I also averaged about 1-2 cans of soda per day).<br /><br />I recently had my triglycerides checked again and instead of going down THEY DOUBLED. They were over 300 (over 150 is considered high). I about had a heart attack right there. Now, I am not an overweight person, and have had a fairly high motabolism, but I have started to create a belly (I call it a Dr. Pepper belly because that is my favorite soda. I do not drink alcohol of any kind). I am telling all of this to you because ALL of my other tests came in within normal levels, including all other aspects to my cholesterol.<br /><br />I did research and found out that if you are not overweight but have weight gain around the belly area, it might be due to consumption of a lot of sugar products. The excess sugar consumed, in this case, can be turned into trigylcerides. I looked at what I was eating and drinking to see if this was the case for me. What I found shocked me. The 1/2 liter bottles of green tea has MORE sugar in it than a can of soda. I checked several different manufacturers of green tea and I found them all to have about the same amount of sugar.<br /><br />I concluded that between my morning coffee, green tea bottles and soda, I was consuming over 1,100 grams of sugar a week ( or about 4,000 callories of sugar a week just in drinks)!!<br /><br />-------------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />I was looking for an alternative to the green tea bottles and found the stash tea products. I personally, do not have the time or patience to use tea bags, so I was interested in the tea powders. I ordered the lightly sweetened green tea powder and tried it. And I loved it. I then proceeded to buy the other 5 flavors of the green tea powders and love them also.<br /><br />There are 4 flavors that do not have sugar added, so I use a few drops of Stevia Glycerite to sweeten the drink. It does not take a lot.<br /><br />The best thing is that the tea powders cost about 1/2 or less than the bottled green teas I use to drink.<br /><br />---------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />To end on a personal note, I have altered my drinking habits and now drink 1 liter of the tea powder drink and 1+ liter of water per day. I still drink 1 can of Dr. Pepper on the weekend, but that is it. I have been doing this for a little over a month now and between my altered drinking habits and the fish oil pills, I have lost about 5 lbs. and am due to get my triglycerides checked in a couple of weeks.<br /><br />I hope this helps anyone that is in a similar situation to me and realize that just because it says its healthy does not mean it is.
I like the taste of this product, but I have some suggestions:<br /><br />1) for strongest blueberry taste, use less than the 16 ounces of water that the instructions indicate (my first try came out like water with the merest hint of blueberry);<br /><br />2) stir REALLY well and be prepared for a bit of sediment anyway, as well as for an oddly green (I know it's green tea, but I rarely drink green things, so it seemed a bit weird to me at first); and<br /><br />3) if you're going to use a sweetener, why cancel out the health bennies by adding something like aspartame or Splenda or etc? I added a bit of agave nectar and found it perfect, but then I also like it without any sweetener at all (as long as I use less water).<br /><br />By the way, this makes hot tea as well, although it's marketed as iced tea powder.<br /><br />Enjoy!
I ordered this item because it was on sale and because of the health benefits of green tea.  I wasn't certain how good it was going to be but I was pleasantly surprised.  It tastes refreshing and fruity.  The flavor isn't overpowering or fake.  I mix the powder in a sports bottle along with cold water and splenda.  The powder dissolves easily and the drink has a nice green tea and blueberry taste.  I was so impressed that I have signed up for automatic delivery.  It's a great product.
If you love green tea then you will be impressed with this green tea powder. The instructions say to add one packet to 16 ounces of cold water but I'd recommend you try two packets and one packet (0.35 oz) of stevia. The flavor of the tea with only one packet is fairly mild, so mild in fact that you can barely taste the green tea flavor. When you order this tea you will get six boxes with 12 packets in each. If you use two packets per bottle of water you get 36 drinks. That is only .47 cents per drink if you get free shipping - I ordered some books too. I think that is fairly reasonable. I look forward to trying this tea in shakes and with fruit juices. A website is given for additional recipes. There are a few interesting recipes like the ones for "White Chocolate Green Tea Ice Cream," "Green Tea Papaya Nectar" and "Green Tea Sugar Cookies." You will probably find many uses for this and I've even used the tea powder to make a lovely hot tea. Just use one packet per 8 ounces of hot water. No brewing required. This tea dissolves very easily in hot or ice cold water. I can highly recommend it to you.<br /><br />~The Rebecca Review
lots of uses for this green tea...<br /><br />I generally like most tea (though not the over-ally flowery blends)...<br /><br />Being on more of a health kick in recent years, I have added a lot more GREEN tea to my diet in one form or another...<br />from straight brewed tea &lt;> hot or iced...<br /><br />To adding the powder to things like salad dressings, smoothies, baked goods, etc.<br /><br />I am not new to green tea....as I first started drinking it when living in Japan some 30+ years ago....<br />in the ground form known as matcha.<br />A quality product. Dissolves well.<br /><br />I like both the unsweetened and the lightly sweetened.
Ingredients listed: Pure cane sugar, and 100% pure powdered Japanese green tea.<br /><br />Nutrition Facts: all 0%, except Sodium (15mg) and Sugar (12g)<br /><br />Basic Instructions: add one packet to 8oz of cold water and stir or shake well to dissolve...<br /><br />My Opinion: It is too sweet for my taste, even diluted in a 16.9oz water bottle. It almost tastes like sugar water. I think the unsweetened version would be better. 5 star because it delivers what it promises.<br /><br />This is Japanese green tea. NOT Chinese green tea. There is a difference.
I KEEP THIS AT WORK AND I MIX IN MY SMOOTHIES AT HOME- LOVE IT!
I make a "jug" of this tea every morning and keep a glass throughout the day.  I'm delighted to find a source in the US as it was introduced to me in B.C.  It does not have the jasmine flavor which upsets my otherwise very strong tummy.
This is good iced tea. It is hard to find locally in the Fall and Winter.
This is a quick and convenient way to drink green tea! I add lemon juice and stevia.
To get a more intense taste, I mix two packets in a 16-oz BPA-free Camelbak bottle, adding 8 oz of water and the rest ice, plus a packet of Stevia, shake well, sip, and oh so good! No-calorie sweet tea, green tea antioxidants, and I'm drinking a lot more water. I also carry packets in my purse and add to water in restaurants, saving tons of money from ordering drinks and not to mention calories. Although the Stash rep tells me there is a "negligible" amount of caffeine, the placebo effect gives me a great boost in the morning before my workout. Since I love mint, I think I've found the perfect product.
This tea is more ginger than lemon, so if you like the taste of soothing ginger, you'd like this product. I mix two packages per 16 oz BPA-free Camelbak bottle, filled with 8 oz of water and the rest ice, and a packet of stevia. Shake well, take sip, ahhh - no-calorie sweet tea, green tea antioxidant, and great for summer. I called the Stash company to find out how much caffeine was in a packet, and the rep said "negligible."<br /><br />I also buy the Stash powdered mint green tea, and I prefer the hint of mint better. Again, if you are a ginger fan, you'd really enjoy this product.
I think this is a great green tea powder.  I add this powder to a 24oz water bottle and it has a nice light taste, I prefer it unsweeted so that I may add a sweetner if needed.  Great price for the quantity and the quality of the product.
I use the powdered tea powder in my fruit smoothies.  Provides you all the health benefits of green tea.  Love the product and use both the plain and lemon ginger.
I like the mild sweet flavor of this instant tea.  I've added it to lots of different drinks like juices and energy drinks.  I have fun mixing it with things.  It blends well for me.
This is a quick & easy way to make green tea. It isn't sweet & only has the barest hint of blueberry, but it makes it easy when pressed for time in the morning. It does have more green tint to it than most teas- here's why: "Sencha green tea comes from the Kyoto region of Japan. It is made from small leaves and has a more refined taste than others forms of green tea. Additionally, the color of the tea is actually green, not yellow, like many Chinese varieties." Powdered tea is also good for cooking as well.
I went on a diet last year and was looking for something goos to drink and came across this tes!  now I can't find it anywhere... Hope Amazon keeps this product forever!
I held off ordering these for a while because I was concerned I might not like the taste. I've tried some of the organic green teas and found flavor can really vary between brands. Six boxes seems like a lot to take a chance on. I really wanted something powdered to take to work though, so I gave it chance and it worked out.  To me, this product tastes great.  I am thrilled to get something unsweetened.  I wanted these to use at the office, but find I like them so much I mix them up at home too. I just wish they were a little cheaper as they go really fast.  I went from thinking 6 boxes would be a lot, to experiencing them as hardly enouugh!<br /><br />Basically, this product has a mild taste, never bitter or oily and not gritty (but it will need to be remixed if you don't drink it down quickly).  The powder does mix well, it's really a very fine powder and does not look like leaves just mashed up or anything.  It blends completely into the water, BUT it doesn't stay mixed over a long period of time.  So, if you are letting it sit in the glass about 20min or so as you sip away, it's useful to get one of those shaker bottles to keep it mixed as you go along.  That works for me, no complaints.  I am very happy with the product.  I will order again.
I wanted something easy, tasty , and healthy to sub for my diet soda addiction. This did the trick. I drank it for 10 days without adding any sweetener. Once you get past the color, which is a nasty green, the tea is tasty. About a half tsp of sugar really adds to the taste. I will buy this again!
If you like the flavor of green tea and like your beverage iced you will enjoy this beverage.<br /><br />I like the taste of green tea and I also like the health benefits of green tea.  I mix this with ice water and splenda.  It is a refreshing summer beverage.  I like that it dissolves easily and is packaged in small packages.  It is convenient and easy to use.
This is just the quick iced tea fix I have been searching for.....it is perfectly balanced between the green tea and the natural, refreshing blueberry flavor. Keep in mind this is NOT sweet and sassy, like most instant tea "add to bottled water" packets. This is the real deal. If you want sweet, then order the sweet variety or add your favorite sweetener. When you add the powder, it is green....looks alittle weird, but once you can get past the looks, it's true love. I think it's delightful that I am actually consuming the entire leaf--finely ground to which it dissloves....thus making my water become murky, swamp water before my eyes!  That has to certainly be more bang for your buck for the level of antioxidants, opposed to the old brewing way.<br />  I have had a very difficult journey (until now) finding yummy, healthy (& QUICK) unsweetened flavored teas......my second favorite is the Celestial Seasonings COOL BREW bags....the blueberry green tea is also delicious, but not nearly as refined as this "top shelf" Stash.<br />I am pondering more flavors for my next order!
Good flavor, but not real sweet.  I add a little stevia for my sweet tooth.
Drank an instant green tea from a major producer for several years. Then they changed production and began using sucralose which I don't tolerate well.<br />Tried several different teas before I found Stash's instant green tea. I like it best with a little fresh lemon lime juice. I can drink all I want--don't even need sweetener. Plus as I understand it, it's just made from dried, pulverized green tea leaves--no chemical process. Also it's very coolby I get a discount forn having it delivered by monthly subscription. Phil K.
THis ice tea, is like heaven on ice.  must try if you love lemon and giger.  Great price for the content.  You can make a pitcher with 4 bags and add some lemon and whatever your sweetner you prefer.  Great for barbeque parties or a tea with the ladies
This tea is awesome.  You have to keep stirring it if it sits too long but the taste is great.  Little prep time- keeps me going all day.
This product is great. I have been searching for an easy to use and non sweetened green tea. So many of the teas are sweetened with Splenda type sweeteners and I prefer to use Stevia. The Jackie Chan green tea appears to have been discontinued.<br /><br />I mix this product and love the taste. A little lemon and Stevia and I have the perfect evening iced tea. It provides all the benefits of green tea, and the instant convenience.<br /><br />I give it five stars
this is the best iced green tea I've ever had; the hint of blueberry is just perfect.  I add a bit of Stevia for a little more sweetness.  It would be an insult to call this "instant tea," but I carry a packet in my purse because it's better than any prepared tea I could buy when eating out.  Stash tea is always good, but this is extraordinary.
I first tried these powdered green teas from Stash last summer. This spring I wanted more, but the store I got them from didn't think the vendor would be carrying any.  I was delighted to find that I could get them from Amazon. I ordered a whole bunch and look forward to having refreshing REAL FOOD drinks all summer in an easy to make form.
I finally finished my box of the Blueberry Green Tea Powder and wanted to try something new!  So glad I tried this flavor as it is now my favorite!  Just add it to a cold bottle of water, drink it as is, or add a few drops of Stevia or Agave and you are good to go.  Very refreshing!!  Will be packing this on my trip to Mexico!
lots of uses for this green tea...<br /><br />I generally like most tea (though not the over-ally flowery blends)...<br /><br />Being on more of a health kick in recent years, I have added a lot more GREEN tea to my diet in one form or another...<br />from straight brewed tea &lt;> hot or iced...<br /><br />To adding the powder to things like salad dressings, smoothies, baked goods, etc.<br /><br />I am not new to green tea....as I first started drinking it when living in Japan some 30+ years ago....<br />in the ground form known as matcha.<br />A quality product. Dissolves well.<br /><br />I like both the unsweetened and the lightly sweetened.
As a long time tea drinker, was happy to come across this iced tea mix.  It serves as my sports drink while exercising or golfing.  I find this iced tea very refreshing.  I really like the flavor and especially the low sugar content.  The plain green is my favorite followed by the raspberry.  The blueberry is good too; it's unsweetened, so I add half a packet of Truvia.
I really enjoy this tea because it's not to sweet and it's easy to use.  I carry it and my mug with me and just add hot or cold water, depending upon my mood.  I find that it gives me just the right kind of energy and it can even hold my hunger between meals. A real great thing because I watch my calories.  And of course, green tea is full of antioxidants.
This is good iced tea.  It is hard to find locally in the Fall and Winter.
I am hooked.  This is a great way to get more fluids into my day without making it seem like a chore.  This powder tastes great without any additional sweeteners.  It is just what I have been looking for.  Also try the Blueberry version.  Delicious!
Green tea is good for you, loaded with antioxidants, boosts your metabolism, yadda, yadda, yadda, but I never quite warmed up to the taste.  Until now.  The lemon and the ginger give this a very nice flavor.  And it is SO great that I can just add a packet to my water bottle and go, without the bother of brewing it.
Just the right amount of blueberry flavor, and the tea itself is not overwhelming. I love that it has no added sweeteners, and really does not need them.<br />This is a perfect way to get more water and benefit from the antioxidants in the tea as well!
I drink this delicious tea almost every day.  I have yet to find anything like it on the market.
Love this product!  It adds flavor to your water without all the nasty artificial sweetners.  Hope this product is here to stay!
Powdered green tea with lemon & ginger provides quick daily source of antioxidant ingredients desired but in higher concentration and without the bother of brewing tea bags. Simply pour in water bottle, shake and be on your way.<br /><br />Product used to be available in local health food stores but is no longer carried. Much easier and more cost effective when bought in quantity on Amazon.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0012BSMJM">Stash Premium Green Iced Tea Powder, 12-Count Packets (Pack of 6)</a> Easy to mix and refreshing with ice.
I was looking for mint green tea I could carry with me to mix up while out and about. If that's what you want, then this product is perfect. I add a little extra water, but that's just my taste. So, if you're looking for mint green tea powder . . . look no further!
This has a great rich taste. Remember this is ground whole leaf, so the tea is stronger than you may expect.  Not overly sweet and dissolves readily.  I use it during workouts mixed with ice water in a Polar bottle.
I liked the flavor and the ease to mix this tea.  I use a few packets and make a pitcher to keep in the fridge.  Very good COLD and needs NO sweetening as is lightly sweet already.  Doesn't look pretty, but DOES look like a healthy drink!  I liked it!
I purchased this item when it was on sale.  I wasn't certain if I'd like it but I've read so much about the health benefits of green tea I wanted to try it.  This is a nice, pleasant beverage. The flavor isn't too strong.  I add a packet of Splenda to make it a bit sweeter.  The powder dissolves easily in cold water.  The flavor is natural not fake.  I was impressed enough with it that I have signed up for auto-delivery.
LOVE this!  I dislike drinking plain water and have been looking for something easy that I could add to my s/s water bottle (gotta be good to the environment, right?)  The flavor is great, ease of convenience is wonderful and the hint of sweet is not overpowering at all.  I can drink my green tea with or without sweetener.  The only thing is if you want to drink green tea all day long, the calories WILL add up - I think each packet is 60 calories.  I drink 2 (32 oz) bottles of water a day so that would be 120 calories of sweetened drink a day.  But I will still give the product 5 stars because the product is fab.  I'd just pick something else if I'm going to pound water all day long (perhaps the blueberry green tea one which is NOT sweetened - it's excellent as well)  I'll use this for one bottle and a non-sweetened one for the other.  Best of both worlds.  Enjoy!
I used to always go to Jamba Juice for the Match green tea shots...after trying this iced green tea powder I was hooked.  This flavor is lightly sweetend and the raspberry and pomegranate flavors are just subtle enough to not mask the true flavor of the green tea.  I don't mind the funny green color...after all it's green tea.
i have never liked green tea but i knew it was good for me so i have been drinking it for a lot of yrs. i grew up living in the western usa and our neighbors were japanese. they were sweet and gave us tea from japan. my father enjoyed it every morning and added a tablespoon of honey and a little cream to it. he smoked all his life and died at 92. anyway, i found when at times i would quit drinking it i wouldn't feel as good as i did when drinking it. i got tired of boiling the water with the teabags and then getting everything in a container to put into the frig. i really drank a lot of it.  well, i stumbled onto a warehouse to pick up some things i had ordered and noticed this tea. i was immediately interested as you get to drink the whole tea leaf which gives you 10 times more antioxidants. wow, that was good for me so i got a couple cases and when i ran out searched the internet for stash brand. i really love it. i love that it is LIGHTLY SWEETENED, i love that i can just open a packet and throw it into my tumbler, add ice and water and be on my way. it's just right. but more then anything else i love the way it makes me feel. so much more energy and i truly believe it is helping my well being. no getting around about it i don't get sick often for sure. now i haven't tried the other brands and i feel i don't have to because i am so satisfied with this one. the price is also cheaper. i don't think you can go wrong with this choice.  perky
love the ease of having green natural tea anywhear any time . tastes great i love this stash green tea
This is one of my favorite water add-ins. I think it has a really crisp, clean taste...with a hint of grassy-ness. The tea particles tend to settle at the bottom of the bottle, if left standing for more than a few minutes, so I have to shake it up periodically. There are times when I feel like I'm drinking something that was squeezed off the blades of a lawnmower, but this seems to be based on my choice of sweetener. It tastes great when I use stevia, but when I use Sweet & Low...I get a bitter-ish grassy taste.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0012BZGHS">Stash Premium Mint Green Iced Tea Powder, 12-Count Packets (Pack of 6)</a> Light mint taste, easy to mix powdered tea, great on ice.
What a lovely tea this is! The rose petals are abundant in the mix, and when you brew a pot of tea and then raise the cup to your lips, the full, sweet scent of roses greets you! This tea is perfectly blended and balanced! Its color is coppery-golden, very warm and luscious. I just want to drink it every day, for relaxation and sheer enjoyment!
This is my first exposure to rose tea. I purchased it because of the previous review. I have to concur. This tea is delightful. The aroma is fantastic and makes you believe you are in the midst of a blooming rose garden. It is a perfect tea to sip in the winter months as it fills your senses with the scents of summer. I bet it would be refreshing as an iced tea with a sprig of fresh mint. Too cold to try that now, but once the snow melts, I will! Great product for the price!
WOW!  I am a PEPSI-holic and was gaining weight as you can imagine. A little 85 year old woman introduced me to your tea HOT.  AND now with just A LITTLE bit of honey and ice I have a nice cool refreshing drink!!
I am pleased the bag is so large; it means I'll be sipping this tea for a while.  This tea is perfect for the start of the work day:  the rose and hibiscus liven my senses; the caffeine pushes me to type a bit faster as I climb over a hillock of e-mails.  The flavors are a bit more pungent than similar blends I've mixed on my own (is the cause the mysterious "natural flavor" another reviewer pointed out?), but it is still quite pleasant.  I certainly look forward to many more mornings begun over several cups of rose congou.
The fragrance of the tea totally blew me away. Recommend it to anyone who enjoys mild green tea with a pleasant rosey scent.
I am enjoying this tea and the price was reasonable.  I don't think the rose flavor is as pronounced as my favorite rose tea, but since I can not get that one at this time, I ordered this one, and it is very good.
I bought this tea many months ago and waited to review it, to see if I really liked it over time.<br /><br />I do.  This tea is really lovely.  The rose scent and taste are just right -- not too lame, not too overwhelming.  I find it slightly calming, even with the caffeine from the black tea.  Of the 6 or so loose teas in my drawer that I regularly use, this is the one I seem to reach for most often.  I'm diligent about brewing times.  This one is 5 min. and I set the timer.  Gives me a perfect cup every time.<br /><br />Don't forget that it's organic.  Support organic practices and do something beneficial for your body.<br /><br />This tea was a good buy and has withstood the test of time (for me).
Good beans.  I can't find these in the grocery stores where I live, but ordered them through this retailer with no problems.
Adzuki ( or Azuki) beans are ment to be used in asian sweets. You can make sweet bean paste by boiling the beans for 30-40 min, (changing the water out at least twice) draining and mashing the beans with sugar.(strain the paste if you do not like the bean skins)  What you get is a paste that can be put on ice cream, fill pasteries or stuff into Mochi Cakes.
their not only good for you but their yummy.they smell like cloves when their cooking and taste  a little sweet.
Good stuff - like lentils you don't need to soak these.  They are small so feel good in the mouth.
I really like this flavoring. I try to stay away from sugar and artificial sweeteners so this was perfect because it contains absolutely no sweetener so I can add my own (mostly liquid stevia).  I also love vanilla flavoring in many things I make so I sometimes use this in place of extract which can be pricey if you use it a lot. For example, I make my own almond milk so I like to add vanilla to sweeten and lighten the taste. This works better than an extract because there is no alcohol taste. I also make blueberry syrup with agave and this flavoring and it turns out very good. I put it in pancake batter and the flavor still holds after cooking (also with cookies). I use this all the time and now I am not dropping $10 every couple of weeks for vanilla extract.
We've been eating this delightful cereal for several years.  My kids always feel better on gluten free foods and so do I.  Unlike the popular junky cereals, this version of a slightly chocolately cereal is light and not too sugary and it's a special treat for the kids.  I also like supporting Envirokids products - the pricing has come down to where it's nearly the same as the other mainstream cereals that are not as good for you.
We received this as a gift, along with some homemade graham crackers.  My husband and I have become addicted to it.  If you love things like lemon meringue pie, you will adore this luscious,lemony spread on grahams, pound cake, etc.  Just a thin layer of this delicious confection enlivens your taste buds with an explosion of flavor.  I highly recommend this product if you are looking for a very special treat.
I have never tasted any better! Need to keep refrigerated or it will lose color and flavor but is worth the price.
Mixed with whipped cream and blueberries this lemon curd is a delicious, easy, quick summertime dessert that will delight any guests.
The popcorn itself is yummy, just be warned that we had trouble popping it using our air popper.  The kernels were too light and would blow out of the popper before they were popped.  It's great in the microwave or a pan, but maybe the larger white or yellow would be a better match for an air popper.
I won't claim to be a professional food taster ... I just know what I like and don't like.  I don't like "yellow" popcorn, I don't like microwave popcorn, I like the "white" popcorn cooked in a pan.  For my "popping style" the Baby White pops great w/o lots of hard kernels.  'nuf said.
This is really good. Tender, a little sweet. Easy to make in the Whirley Pop, and excellent with some Cheddar & Spice popcorn seasoning!
I was a little concerned to buy the popcorn, as you never know what you are going to get.  But I did and I am glad I did.  The popcorn is nice and tender, pops easy, great taste and hull-less.  I have moved from the microwave popcorns and glad I did because of this product.  I like the fact the the popped corn is small but great!
We like the much harder to find "white" popcorn over the more common "yellow" popcorn and Amish Country Baby White is our absolute favorite.  We usually order 3 of the 6 lb bags 'cause we go thru it so quickly.
I love this popcorn. Only downside is the shipping and packing. Cost almost as much as the popcorn. Need to pack it better. Bag split and a bunch of loose popcorn falling out of the box when the guy brought it to my door.
This is the best popcorn i have ever ate. I use a Whirley Popper to pop my popcorn. When you eat this baby white hulless you will never go back to any other popcorn. I gave my Orville Redenbacher's  and Walmart popcorn away..To many husks. You just can't beat this popcorn. It tastes sooooo good even my puppy loves it.
I first had this popcorn at my 84 year old cousin's home. I thought it was so tender and delicious, and I wanted to buy some for myself. I found it on Amazon.com believe it or not!!!  Anyway, I ordered 6 pounds of it. All 6 pounds are now gone. This popcorn is REALLY good. It is different than other popcorns I have eaten because the kernels are small and very delicate. I consider myself a pro when it comes to popcorn because I have eaten it every night since I was a little girl. I usually eat my popcorn 1 kernel at a time, but since the kernels are so small, I ate it by the handful. My only complaint is that it does cost a lot to have it shipped. I wish I could find it locally so I would not have to pay for the shipping costs. If you like popcorn, I highly recommend it.
OVER THE YEARS I HAVE BOUGHT A LOT OF POPCORN FOR POPPING AND I HAVE FOUND THIS SMALL BABY WHITE HULLESS TO BE THE BEST FOR POPPING AND NOT A LOT OF THE SO-CALLED OLD-MAIDS I ALSO HAD TO RETIRE MY 20 PLUS YEAR OLD WABASH VALLEY FARMS STOVETOP POPPER IT WAS A GOOD ONE SO IF YOU LIKE POPCORN AND WHO DOESN'T THIS POPCORN AND POPPER COMBINATION IS THE BEST AND THE POPPER COMES WITH A 25 YEAR WARRANTY AS WELL MONEY WELL SPENT YOU WILL NOT DISSAPOINTED WITH EITHER OF THEM SO ENJOY
This is the best popcorn I have ever had.  As a kid I ran the popcorn machine in a theater so I feel I know what I'm talking about.  We used yellow popcorn but I still think white is best.
Baby white popcorn from Wabash Farms pops nicely, has no meanacing hulls to get into your teeth, and is very tasty. What more could you ask from a popcorn? I highly recommend this product. At least a four star.
The small, white popcorn is the best!  Very delicious - and I've tried lots.
This was the sweetest, smallest, hulless, best tasting white popcorn I have ever had.  Just placed an additional order for a 6 lb. bag as well as other varities carried by this company.
Great popcorn!! Good popping results and wonderful flavor.  Can't help but love it and I will re-order when I run out.  Recommend to one and all
I love little white kernels of popped corn.  This was good stuff, but I think I'll try a larger white kernel to pop next time, my preference.
Pops great in the microwave.  Much better than many store brands.  Good product.
My doctor told me I must eat "hulless" popcorn if I have popcorn at all.  Because I can't give up my favorite snack, I bought this Wabash Famnily Farms Amish Country popcorn.  The kernels are tiny, but they pop well, although not as big and fluffy as the popcorn I get from the grocery store.  It tastes great, however, and has fewer and smaller hulls.  I don't think there is such a thing as completely hulless,but Ido notice thst I don't get the hulls stuck in my teeth anymore.
I ordered 3 6lb bags with free shipping because of the reviews. I really like it but the real test was my wife's opinion and we also ordered 4 and 1/2 lbs of popcorn from the Boulder popcorn co and the kernels were a little smaller and tasted better. We use coconut oil and it has very good flavor even without butter. I really like the Cambria's Cream kernels the best
I just made some in my Whirley Pop.  It really is lighter and crisper than the larger, yellow kernels.  None of those large hulls either.  The only difference is, it pops up much smaller than the yellow, so you need to almost double the amount of kernels used per pot.  Lovely homemade popcorn.
Use olive oil to cook this, salt it well, and it is the best, most tender popcorn I have ever eaten. I add a tiny bit of butter to mine, but don't need it. My nine year old daughter didn't like popcorn until she reluctantly tried this. After a few bites, she consumed half the bowl!<br /><br />I bought mine at a specialty popcorn shop in Long Grove IL, so I didn't have to pay shipping costs, but when it's gone, I might have to bite the bullet and order it from here.
We've enjoyed this popcorn every bit as much if not more than the Movie Theater Popcorn.  It's light and fluffy - tender - and delicious.  I think we enjoy it a bit more because we know there is no "palm" oil or coconut oil in it - we can control what oils we add or leave out.  It works well with the popper - in fact just last night we had a popper full of this corn and followed it with the other because we had purchased so much of the other - we enjoyed this more.
I bought the Whirley-Pop Stovetop Popcorn Popper several months ago, which (of course) the Wabash Valley popcorn came recommended (same company). I thought...what the heck; I've always wondered how "gourmet" popcorn differed from Orville or other everyday popcorn brands.<br /><br />Let me tell you...IT IS WORTH THE EXTRA MONEY! I can really taste the difference in quality. AND, "normal" popcorn just doesn't taste right when you make it in the Whirley-Pop.<br /><br />This popcorn is so tender and tasty. It was a little weird to see and eat at first because it's about half the size of regular popcorn. But, I believe this characteristic is essential in helping the seasonings completely coat the corn.<br /><br />My favorite prep methods include using the Whirley-Pop and Nutiva Organic Extra Virgin Coconut Oil (see my review for that for more details!) I add a little peanut oil, sea salt, black pepper, and a good amount of Vegaline Garlic Mist Cooking & Seasoning Spray. YUMMY!!!!<br /><br />I've tried the other Amish Country popcorn, and they're all good. This is my favorite, though!
This popcorn is really great!  We enjoy the taste and the smallness of the actual popcorn.  Its not like the popcorn that is big and fluffy its small and really great to eat.  I eat only this popcorn now and order every three months. Highly recommend to the popcorn lovers of the world.
I bought a bowl to pop the corn in along with this popcorn. And put two handsful in the bowl and set the microwave on Popcorn. But it needed more popping for all to pop, in fact almost twice as much time. But the results are great.<br />Today we will get the seasoning I bought for it and look forward to using it to have a woderful snack while watching TV.
popcorn is very good.  cant believe the difference between this popcorn and the regular stuff at the story. a very good purchase.
I liked the idea of the small popcorn.  It pops up really well in the popper but it doesn't have much if any "popcorn" flavor.  Was pretty bummed by that.
I used to grow the Japanese hulless in small quantities for my stovetop popper. This is the closest I can find. If you are appalled by the shipping cost, like I was, try looking elsewhere for a better deal. For instance, one popular site offers 6 lbs for $11.95 with FREE shipping if you sign up for repeating shipments (which you can cancel any time). Try www.c**king.com.
I have made this my popcorn of choice.  I enjoy the flavor and kernal size.
Get it, Get it, Get it! This popcorn is truly the most tender, delicious popcorn I have ever tasted.
Got three different Amish popcorn's for my daughter's Birthday..she is always on a diet, I got her the hot air popper same time...she & my grandson..( he's 4) loved it..she ate a bowl every night &  still lost 15 lbs !! not saying it's a diet food, just satisfiing !!
I bought this popcorn as a gift for some dear friends. The have commented back several times that it's the best popcorn they have ever had. They love it!  They had shopped in the DC metro area to find white popcorn and could never find it so one look on Amazon was all it took to find this -- the best popcorn ever!!
I bought this for my daughter's new microwave popcorn popper as a Christmas gift, and she says that it is delicious, but pops up smaller than other popcorn.  She likes it a lot.
This is very high qulity pop corn, I recomend it.  Almost all kernels pop and they are a crisp white when they pop.  Very healthy and yummy!
Pops fully, few spare kernels with the traditional stovetop method.  Small, fluffy kernels, not a lot of 'misfires' that are only partially evolved.  My wife says they're a tad too small for her taste, but the kids and I really love this popcorn.
This popcorn brings me back to days before the microwave version. What a treat it was to savor the taste and lightly salted lily white popcorn that was popped over the heat of a stove burner again.
I love this brand,  all kernels pop and they are a nice size, texture and flavor.
I have not eaten this popcorn or tasted it myself, it was part of a gift for my daughter in Grad School.  She likes the fluffy quality of the popped corn and the not so many hulls - also the big bag makes her think she can make it last until Christmas ( that remains to be seen) without having to buy more.  A very good snack for a poor Grad Student
I'm a huge popcorn fan and have tried all sorts, and the Amish Country brand popcorn is the best I've ever eaten.  Absolutely delicious!
There are very seldom any unpopped kernels, which is nice and the flavor is wonderful. Not a whole lot to say about popcorn. I always buy from you guys and will continue to.
I love white corn, in all its forms, including popcorn. And I hate how outrageously expensive the kernels are in the supermarket, so I love this popcorn.
I enjoy it practically every evening, it is very good popcorn, not as much hulls and small when popped.
This popcorn is much smaller than your average popcorn, and it is virtually hulless.  That is exactly what I was looking for in a popcorn because my 3 year old LOVES popcorn.  With 3 year old children, you have to be concerned with the hulls causing choking or hurting their tender gums.  My son has no trouble eating this popcorn.  It is soft and light, doesn't get stuck in your teeth nearly as much, and has a great flavor.<br /><br />This is now my popcorn of choice for our whole family.  I usually pop it in my 10 year old cheap hot air popper with no problems.  I get very few unpopped kernels. Another reviewer stated that it flies out before popping, but I have not experienced this problem (it could depend on the popper, I suppose).  I have tried microwaving it in a paper bag, but I always seem to end up burning it.  I think it takes a little more trial and error for microwaving to get the time just right, so I just stick with my hot air popper. I get great popcorn every time!
I bought this with the whirly pop popcorn popper, and I made some as soon as I got them. It is the best popcorn I've had. I thought I would mind the smaller kernel size, but I didn't. There is substantially less hull than regular popcorn. The flavor is great. I suggest using peanut oil for popping popcorn. It gives popcorn a great nutty taste - really delicious. You can buy peanut oil at any oriental (Asian) store. It's better than olive oil (olive oil and popcorn is too weird for me). But peanut oil is perfect. You won't need butter flavor or anything like that again (artificial butter flavorings are full of chemicals). Now, we pop around three times a day and always crave this for a snack instead of junkfood. Try it and you'll be popping like us.
This is delicious popcorn -- lost a star because I use a hot air popper and many of them  "jump" out before popping.  Great flavor, great texture - tender.  I do not add anything even though I have purchased three different flavored toppings.<br /><br />Thanks,
Got this for like $10 on a warehouse deal. It was a bargain! I received them in early May and the label says best before June. At a rate of one can per 2-3 days, I don't think I'll have a problem finishing them off before June. (I know, I have a sweet tooth). All 4 cans had some dents on them but the condition of the gulab jamun inside was good. They were just as described - soft cheese balls (about 20 per can) in a sugar syrup with just a hint of cardamom. Warm it up a before eating for the maximum flavor and texture.
Why is this $[...] when the same product is available for $[...] here?<br />http://www.amazon.com/VICTOR-FLY-MAGNET-BAIT-REFILL/dp/B00004RBDY<br /><br />The Victor M380 and M502 traps are unreal, of course -- total fly genocide. Pretty stinky, but only right nearby.
We have used the Victor fly bait for 3 seasons.  Can't beat it.  Great product!
Bar Harbor clam chowder is absolutely fantastic!<br /><br />1. I am not usually a fan of soup out of the can.<br />2. I am really picky about my clam chowder.<br /><br />That said, I get this stuff in bulk.  There are several reasons for this, the first of which is the great flavor of clams and potatoes.  Second, I like the fact that the ingredients are all natural and, third, that one can adjust the level of creaminess and viscosity with what one adds to the soup (I like to use a mixture of milk and cream).  The fourth plus is that this soup contains neither bacon nor excessive amounts of spice or pepper - two things that ruin clam chowder for me.  I know bacon is popular with a lot of folks but I really just want to taste the clams when I have a bowl of New England clam chowder.  If you're like me in that respect, then I think you will like this soup too!<br /><br />p.s. As a child, I was a fan of Friendly's clam chowder (before they changed their recipe).  Bar Harbor is even better!
I've definitely had a stigma against canned anything (and still do). Picked this up at the supermarket, drawn by the all natural ingredients (for once no MSG or really anything else I didn't recognize). It's really quite good, and especially so for coming out of a can. I can have excellent clam chowder -- and with a little milk and butter, exactly to my liking -- warm within minutes. One of the few canned goods I keep in my cabinet, and one of the most convenient and surprisingly satisfying meals always 5 minutes away.<br />Highly recommended.
This is our preferred clam chowder . We like the natural taste with lots of potatoes. The only complaint is I think the soup can be creamier. Amazon has much better price on this with subscribe and save.
It's not as good as I hoped, but canned chowder never is. I added some butter, a can of chopped clams, and some milk - then thickened it a bit. It works great as a base, but not for me straight out of the can.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000J2DQ46">Bar Harbor All Natural New England Clam Chowder, 15-Ounce Cans (Pack of 6)</a>Using only four ingredients, prepared or fresh pizza dough, your favorite pizza cheese blend, cooked, crumbled bacon and a 15 oz. can of Bar Harbor New England Clam Chowder, you can be the star chef at your next family gathering, tailgate party or any event where people love pizza!  President & CEO of Bar Harbor Foods, Mike Cote, prepared lots of this fabulous new pizza at a demo at Metropolitan Markets in Seattle this summer. People liked it so much, the store sold out of all the ingredients during the demo!<br /><br />Easy to Make Instructions:<br />Preheat oven to 450.<br />Spread Bar Harbor New England Clam Chowder right from the can onto the pizza dough.<br />Sprinkle pizza cheese to your desired coverage.<br />Sprinkle cooked, crumbled/chopped bacon to your desired coverage (we like lots of bacon!)<br />Bake pizza for 12-15 minutes until bottom of crust is golden brown.<br />Remove from oven and let set for 5 minutes before cutting.<br />Prepare to be amazed!<br /><br />Please follow Bar Harbor Foods for delicious recipes using our great Chowders, Bisques, Seafood Sauces, Fish and Seafood Stocks and Clam Juice.<br />Please follow us on Facebook and Twitter. Simply login to each and find us with "Bar Harbor Foods".<br /><br />We hope you enjoy - let us know what you think!<br />~ Bar Harbor Foods
This is the best clam chowder ever. Come originally where this is produced and was so happy when I found it on line. Keep this in my cupboard at all time. Being an old Maine girl this is my favorite chowder of all times.
The best canned clam chowder I've found currently available.  Very light, nicely seasoned, creamy taste.  Not fishy or oniony.  Good amount of minced clams per serving.  To find better chowder, it would have to be homemade.
This is clearly the best canned clam chowder I have tasted. It is refreshing to have a canned soup without all the unnecessary preservatives and artificial flavoring. The can is supposed to be "Condensed", but if you like a hearty thick soup, it is better just heated without adding milk or water. The clams are perfect, and not over cooked. I will order again, and look forward to trying out some of the other products they have on Amazon.
I used to be a buyer at a natural/organic grocery.  This is the best soup I have ever had in a can.  I am very picky about my clam chowder soup as my favorite is The Ritz Carlton's clam chowder.  Just add butter, milk/cream, and black pepper.  Have some fresh corn bread and butter and you are in heaven.
For canned soup this is very good clam chowder.  Those who give it 1 or 2 stars are comparing it to homemade soup or restaurant style soup.  I would buy this any day over other brands.  You can tell it is all natural and without loaded msg, salt and other nasty ingredients.  Pure and clean soup.  Those who rate it badly, some say it has no flavor or there aren't chunks in it.  The flavor is mild, but that is good- not overwhelmingly clammy and not over salted like conventional brand canned soup.  If I want to, next time I will add a potato cut up in chunks to boost it's contents- not a big deal to do.  I would prefer to do that than buy a conventional brand that doesn't care about healthy ingredients and sourcing of ingredients.  I will buy this again- good source of iron as well.
Even though the chowder is very very good as is - I add a can of the Bar Harbor Chopped Clams to it - along with a can of heavy cream and a huge pat of 'budda' ....<br /><br />yummy ...
I adore this chowder because it uses natural ingredients and not harmful fillers like MSG and partially-hydrogenated oil. Most importantly, this chowder tastes MOUTH-WATERING GOOD and is bursting with flavor. I use whole milk and add a pinch of pepper, and this aromatic chowder is devoured in minutes. If you have not already, definitely give it a try.
Unless you've got a clam roller somewhere on your property, I doubt seriously that you could whip-up a better bowl of chowder! The clams were tender, fresh, plentiful, and remarkably non-gritty. The 'taters' were tasty and not overly done. I would recommend that they cut-back a bit on the tapioca starch and add some medium cream, instead.  I like to add some diced Vidalya onion or red bell pepper. Stir in some milk, butter, and black pepper, and you're on your way to a delightful meal.
This soup lacks the key ingredients that make a canned clam chowder great: Partially hydrogenated vegetable oils (soy/cottonseed), dehydrated potatoes, modified starches of all kinds, hydrolyzed corn gluten, MSG, potassium chloride, sodium phosphate, disodium inosinate, disodium guanylate, and succinic acid. What good is a classic New England clam chowder without these classic ingredients?<br /><br />Instead, the first ingredient listed is: Clams. Next you'll be telling me it's got butter in it (it does? Oh.).<br /><br />On a more serious note. Bar Harbor makes a good tasting clam chowder. The first list of ingredients came from Snow's and Campbell's condensed New England clam chowders. This Bar Harbor stuff is worth it.
Good flavor and not too rich--fewer fat calories than the standard fare. It's not loaded up with canola oil like Campbell's and Progresso, so you can add a little quality EVOO like California Olive Ranch, or even butter for a healthier brew if you prefer it that way like we do. I also add a little half and half, and saute some Hormel Bacon bits with red onion and garlic to add complexity to the flavor. I was impressed. I usually also add some Gorton's Wild Pacific Salmon (frozen, in most markets) to basically make it a healthy fish chowder.
very good clam chowder.not as good as being in Maine in a restaurant but much better then other canned chowders
bar harbor clam chowder is an excellent product. easy to fix and has tremendous flavor, nice amount of clams and potatoes. you will enjoy this product very well !
This arrived earlier than expected, which was great! However, for some reason, this particular product smelled a little like "fish food".... but no worries, still tasted like great cashew butter, just the smell was kinda weird - like fish food. Also, I wish this product was organic.
My dog likes the Iams savory sauce.  It helps to tempt him to eat when his appetite is off, and it's good for him.
I HAD READ ANOTHER REVIEW AND THE REVIEWER WAS CONCERNED ABOUT THIS PRODUCT COMING FROM CHINA.  I CALLED THE MANUFACTURER AND WAS TOLD THIS PRODUCT IS MADE HERE IN THE US.  MY DOG LOVES THEM!!
This is a new treat for our "kids". They are pretty picky eaters, especially my girl! They both love 'em. Glad I found this product. Reasonably priced too
I have a German Breed, G.Sheph. & he is VERY, VERY, PICKY! He loved them. He is such a happy camper. He wakes up in the morning & ready to go for his walks & comes home straight to his treat cabinet, he wants his chicken stix....thank you, finally something that my boy loves....
I eat a lot of cereal, and that includes a lot of the high-fiber kinds. Oatmeal, Mini (Frosted) Shredded Wheat and Raisin Bran are usually what I'd eat when I needed to lose a few lbs., but there have been a few instances where I tried the "healthier" options. I've tried several of the Kashi cereals, but they weren't very appetizing. The plain one had a cardboard taste. Next, I tried Grape Nuts, which is like a horrendous yeast flavored cat food (though it's closer to kitty litter in texture.) That brings me to FiberPlus Antioxidants.<br /><br />This Berry Yogurt Crunch is certainly one of the better tasting high-fiber cereals I've eaten. It's like a decent health bar broken apart into cereal. The clusters of yogurt really help, but even the plain cereal is decent enough on its own. Yes, there are 12g of Sugar per serving, but the 10g of Fiber and 170 Calorie parts more than make up for it. Especially if you compare it to Raisin Bran and Frosted Shredded Wheat, which are typically higher in Sugar and Calories, yet lower in dietary fiber. The antioxidants are a nice bonus, too.<br /><br />The bottom line is that I'll add this to my grocery list whenever it's on sale or the price is right.
Let me first say that I don't eat cereal as a general rule.  I just don't like it.  I don't drink milk EVER, so eating dry cereal isn't always a treat.  I purchased a box of this for my husband.  I ended up trying some because it just looked so pretty in the bowl....and I was HOOKED!  This cereal is tasty and healthy and I eat it everyday now with my yogurt.  I can't give it enough stars!
I am now on my third box of this delicious cereal. I try to eat only high fiber cereals, mainly for nutrition but also because they seem to be more filling. This is now my favorite! If you purchase the fiber plus bars, many times they have a $1 coupon on the back (off one box of cereal)  I buy mine from Wal Mart @$2.68 and use coupon...great deal. Usually lasts me a week...I eat a bowl everyday.  Also, many times you'll find a $1 coupon on cereal box for fiber bars. They are pretty good too, especially the chocolate almond.
My daughter, living and working in DC this summer, introduced me to this product while home for a visit.  She encouraged me to give the plain version (just pure coconut water) a chance first, and by the second container, I understood the amazing qualities of this drink.  I felt so refreshed, hydrated, and healthy!  I later tried the kind with pineapple, which is also delicious, but I think the plain is more effective and purely refreshing when really hot, tired and thirsty, while the sweeter fruit infused version will be amazing as part of a cocktail.  Can't wait for 5:00!
This has been my favorite brand of coconut water of the ones I've tried. They use real fruit juice for flavoring, as well as it tastes good.<br /><br />We tried the smaller size, and they just aren't large enough to get enough water at the gym, and are not resealable.<br /><br />Things I like about this:<br /><br />* Perfect size for an hour long gym routine<br />* Resealable cap(smaller one lacks this)<br />* Tasty (Like a pina colada)<br /><br />Negative<br /><br />* Box makes it hard to get the last drops- usually end up squishing it up to get the last bit<br /><br />So great coconut water, perfect size, and cheaper than buying locally at sprouts with the Amazon's 'subscribe and save'!
I like the slight pineapple flavor in this better than the plain coconut water. Good well chilled. Coconut water is supposed to be a healthy drink.
Love this juice. Scheduled shipment is convenient and economical. This is a very expensive beverage and any way to save some money on it, is worth it
I have tried every brand of coconut water that health food stores carry, and this is, by far, my favorite.  The pineapple flavor does not overwhelm the coconut or vice versa. I also like the tetra pack with the screw on top- it is much more convenient than the smaller 11 oz size which you cannot reseal.  This has been a great Gatorade substitute for me, and helps a lot when I am sick or dehydrated or need to hydrate quickly. Great stuff!
Shipping great and loved product. The boxes are a little tough because there is not a lid if you do not finish.  I suggest buy only little ones this way.
I discovered Vita Coco a few months ago.  Of the flavors I have tried, I like the Pineapple best.  It tastes like a mild pina colada without the alcohol.  I love the idea of an all-natural hydrating drink that is low in sugar and high in potassium.  Whenever I am hot, thirsty or a little run-down, I find that Vita Coco Coconut Water with Pineapple really quenches my thirst, refreshes me, and gives me a little energy boost without added sugar or any artificial ingredients like the ones in Gatorade and other drinks aimed at balancing electrolytes.  An 8-1/2-ounce serving  has only 60 calories and 30 mg of Sodium (less than fat-free milk), with 515 mg of Potassium and 180% of the RDA of Vitamin C.  It's a little pricey, but if you can buy it on sale with free shipping, it's a great value.  Although I have previously purchased it on Amazon, I more recently bought it at GNC during Gold Card Week when there was a free shipping offer and a "buy 2, get 1 free" offer.  With a deal like that, it breaks down to less than 65 cents per 8-1/2-oz serving.
Pineapple is hands down my favorite flavor of Vita Coco! It not only serves a great electrolyte replenishing beverage (aka the PERFECT hangover cure) but it can also be made into a pinacolada if you just add some rum :)
I really like this coconut water, but I was surprised that per 17oz box it's the same price at Wegman's.  Probably won't be ordering again unless there's some sort of discount.
Heard about this drink from a friend and had to try it. Had one while traveling and loved it!!! I sat on the plane enjoying it...I was thinking, I should bought another one!
I tasted the pineapple flavor yesterday at a friend's cocktail party. She used it to mix with rum to make pina coladas. It complimented the drink so well!! The bottles are really pretty to set up and hand out at a party as well =)<br /><br />I have been drinking Vita Coco for a while now and usually drink the 100% pure, but I find the flavors to be such a treat (yet still very healthy)! Especially after a long workout.
It's high-quality and the price is right, especially with subscribe-and-save via Prime, but after months of trying to keep up with my subscription, I had to put it on hold.  I'm not a big water drinker, but this stuff has a distinct flavor and when you're using it as a work-out beverage four or five times a weak it eventually wears on you.  Or me, at least. I'd still recommend it, just don't OD the way I did.
Originally I was turned of by this product when I tasted the regular flavor. Once I had the version with pineapples, I was instantly hooked. I used to get a lot of stomach cramps and cramps in my feet. Since I have incorporated this drink daily it has aided my digestive system and obliterated all of my previous cramp problems. I would recommend Vita Coco to all of my friends and family.
Of all the flavors Vita Coco produces, the Pineapple combination is by far the best - it has just enough flavor to keep it interesting but not overpowering.
The pineapple coconut combination is refreshing. I especially like that there is no added sugar. This is a welcomed change from other brands.
I like this product so much I have it delivered monthly!  So happy to be drinking this at work while my co-workers are stuck with pop!  It's so refreshing and revitalizing!  The only coconut water flavor I like is pineapple!  Transports easily and stores easily with the screw-on top.
I always feel refreshed when I drink this coconut water. The pineapple gives it an added extra that makes it truly irresistible. It has been a firm favorite of mine now for nearly a year.
I tried quite a few varieties of this brand and the pineapple is the best.  Light but refreshing.  I am not sure if I think it is a miracle elixer or anything but I did purchase a case and look forward to drinking this on a regular basis.  Thank you for the great value and convenience, Amazon.
I use vita coco coconut water with pineapple to mix with my ultra-meal nutritional supplement it mixes well and taste great.I have it for breakfast every morning.
If you haven't had coconut water with pineapple juice before then you need to try this! Simply delicious and so healthy for you!
Bigger is always better, and that is not what she said, I did.  I got turned on to coconut water about a year ago and since then have not been able to get enough of it.  I found that Vita Coco, is the best brand around.  The pineapple flavor has a great sweetness that compliments the coconut water to create a refreshing, thirst quenching beverage.  I have recently began to drink more due to the nature of my job so I don't cramp up in my hands. plus with all the nutrients and benefits, whats there not too like. With subscribe and save,  I can quench my thirst any time of year.  Thanks vita coco, you surely have a lovely bunch of coconuts!!!
I love the taste of the Viva Coco with Pineapple. If I was likening it to a common drink, it's a melted virgin Pina Colada.<br />The 17 oz boxes are better for me than the other sizes, because they contain the resealable lids in case you don't drink it all at once.<br />As with all coconut waters, the taste can vary slightly, but the pineapple seems to keep it pretty consistant.
Good thirst quencher. Milky and thicker then I expected. Not what I would call a pineapple flavor but one can get the idea it is pineapple.
I love the Pineapple/Coconut water. It is high in potassium. I am a rural mail carrier and have to be out in the hot weather. In the afternoon I get hot, dry, and thirsty. I am trying to lose weight so I'm watching my calories. Water is wet and cold but doesn't quench my thirst. This stuff does the trick. It quenches my thirst and gives me a little pick-up for the afternoon and keeps me going. This only has 60 calories per serving, so that is much less than a 180 calorie Gatorade. I recommend this to those looking for a healthy alternative to the sugary sports drinks.
i love the pineapple the best. had a hard time finding this at the store,they get ya hooked and then stop carring it.i have tried the other brands of coconut water but i'm just not loving them,so i went online hoping to find this brand and there it was.now mom's happy and so is everyone else!  love the vita coco!
Short and brief.  The product has a wonderful coconut taste and the pineapple addition is light and mildly sweet.  I will certainly purchase this again.
I've always wanted to like coconut water - low in calories, high in minerals - but I've just never liked the taste much. The pineapple juice in this really makes a difference. It still needs to be well chilled to be good, but it makes a healthy post-workout drink.
I love buying these and drinking them after my workout.  You lose not just fluids but minerals/vitamins and this helps replenish you.  Water is good too for you too but I just love these post-workout.  They are also good for anytime when you could use a sweet but natural drink (like you don't want milk or soda or water but want something tasty and refreshing).
After reading about the benefits of coconut water, I decided to give this brand a try.  I have tried a few other brands with a juice added, but they all have lot of extra sodium.  Be sure to read the labels.  Some have less potassium in them than the Via Coco brand.  I felt like this was better for my husband to drink than Gatorade. He works on a/c during the summer and is out in the heat all day long.
Love the pineapple flavor. Makes me feel like I am on vacation drinking a pina colada. (You probably could add a little rum and.....)Really tastes better than other pineapple coconut waters I have tried!!
This product is a good addition to fruit smoothies.  It thins it out while adding good taste and electrolytes, which are good during the very hot weather.
I love this water! I started buying it after my Bikram yoga classes to rehydrate, and now drink it whenever I feel a little dehydrated.  Living in AZ, I tend to not drink enough water so these help tremendously and are delicious too!  Try them! You'll be hooked :)
Vita coco water is taste great by itself or mixed up in a smoothie. It is great for re-hydration after a workout and has more potassium than a Banana.
IT SAYS ON THE BOX EACH DRINK CONTAINS: THE POTASIUM OF 2 BANANAS & MORE ELECTROLITES THAN A SPORTS DRINK. THEY MIGHT SEEM A LITTLE HIGH PRICED BUT GO TO GROECERY STORE BUY 2 BANANAS & 2 SPORTS DRINKS AND YOU WILL PAY MORE TO GET THE SAME NUTRITION YOU GET FROM 1 JUICE BOX OF THIS COCONUT WATER...
Great before, during, and after a workout. Great natural electrolytes, Very high in potassium, amazing drink! This is my favorite flavor, tangerine is 2nd
Great real coconut young coconut taste. Not the usual overwhelming sweet taste seen on other coconut water canned drinks.  Good on the environment. Made in Brazil. Even better.  You can really taste the fruit labelled on the product besides the coconut water taste
Not only does Vita coco have the best taste ..much better than ONE<br />and slightly better than Zito, but now they have the best package<br />also!!<br /><br />This new screw top is great to take to the gym, hiking and biking.<br /><br />Coc water is the best re-hyrator and IMO Vita coco is the best.<br />I also noticed when I searched coconut water on amazon.com that<br />vita coco comes up number one, so others seem to think that vita<br />coco is number one also because they are voting with thier purchases.
I'm so addicted to these!!! You know the movie When Harry Met Sally? When I drink one of these it just feels like that famous scene in the movie... orgasmic!
High quality coca products do not have a paper wraps since they can harbor dirt and bacteria and the printing ink can change or contaminate the delicate flavor of the tea bags.<br />Organic coca tea bags do not contain preservatives or additives; therefore they must be properly stored. All coca tea  Air Tight Bags are re-sealable with zip lock closures and once opened the bags must be kept closed at all time to avoid contamination in a dry, cool, dark place away from strong-flavored foods.  An extra airtight container is recommended when the tea is stored over one month.<br />Do not store coca tea  products inside a refrigerator if you have produce inside. Many fruits and vegetables, especially if they have been damaged, give off ethylene gas as they ripen. Coca tea bags are very sensitive to the presence of even very low levels of ethylene gas. The refrigerator acts as a trap for the ethylene gas given off by the generating varieties, allowing it to build up to damaging levels. Although not hazardous to humans, the ethylene gas leads to the early aging and rotting of the tea.
I got a bag with 25 oinkies, pig skin with sweet potato in the middle.  But my dogs like them despite the wrong item being received.  It's still made by hartz.  The description of this product didn't say anything about sweet potato in the center.  So unless they update the description & package image I got the wrong product.  I'm only happy because my doggies are. :P
These are a great snack for any dog who has food allergies to chicken. My 20 pound Sheltie loves them more than any other chew or rawhide that we have given her. I highly recommend these for any dog, especially one with food allergies.
I have an old english sheepdog. He absolutely loved the treats. It took him longer than I thought it would to eat through one so I could eat a treat in peace while he chewed on his. It was great.
My dog craves these...one each morning. She's never had digestive problems with them, unlike the beef rawhide bones which we wont give her. WE couldnt find them suddenly in any of the stores and i was soooo delighted Amazon had them! Right to my door quick!  thank you amazon!
Wrigleys' 5 FLARE sugarless gum is Wrigleys' sugarless replacement for their "Big Red" cinnamon gum. 5 flare seems to be difficult to find in stores. Thanks to Amazon I always have a supply. 5 FLARE is also the longest lasting gum I have ever experienced both in flavor and durability. It is positively the best cinnamon flavor currently on the market.
I love this gum.  It is very dishearting that it is so difficult to find.  I was hooked on the Cinnamon Extra until that went away.  Now this item is not available.  This world needs more Cinnamon lovers.
I tried this gum after Trident cinnamon became hard to find a couple of years ago.  (Trident told me that they were overhauling the plant that made the gum so it was in short supply but it would be back.)  I quickly discovered that the Flare 5 was far superior to the Trident and I haven't looked back.  It does last a long, long, long, time.  Unfortunatley, as other reviewers noted, it has become very hard to find in stores.  Trident cinnamon is everywhere but now I don't want it.  Amazon saves the day again.
I found this coffee flavorful and bold.  I didn't experience bitterness.<br /><br />For reference purposes my in store drink is a Starbucks Americano.<br /><br />My favorite k-cups are:<br />Starbucks French Roast<br />Starbucks Caffe Verona<br />Starbucks Pike Place Roast<br />Green Mountain Xtra Bold Sumatran Reserve<br />Green Mountain Double Black Diamond<br />Green Mountain Revv<br />Green Mountain Dark Magic<br /><br />Other k-cups I've tried:  Coffee People Jet Fuel ,Green Mountain Dark Magic Decaf, Emeril Jazzed up Decaf, Starbucks Caffe Verona, Coffee People Black Tiger,  Starbucks House Blend, Starbucks Breakfast Blend, Starbucks Sumatra, Wolfgang Puck French Roast, Green Mountain Lake and Lodge, Green Mountain French Roast, Caribou Mahogony, Wolfgang Puck Sumatra Kopi Raya, Emeril Big Easy Bold
Is so good. Lots of flavor and great coffee taste. Especially good to wake up with. Enjoy this coffee. I give it a plus 10.
I love how fast my cups arrived. I will always get my k cups here! I can't wait to try something new.
We have several of these machines at work and I've tried lots of different flavors and blends...this is one of the few I can keep down without my body convulsing with an involuntary shudder.  Lots of these instant coffees are very bitter or far too strong.  This one is actually very tasty.
I've tried a handful of other brands of French Roast and I find this one and Tully's version to be both great and comparable in flavor. The difference is the price (this one is far more reasonable).
I have had Green Mountain coffee before, but had not tried the French Roast.  I am just realizing that there is a taste difference between different manufacturers, even with the same types of roasts.  The Green Mountain French Roast has the flavor I like and was expecting.  The price was reasonable and my order shipped quickly.  My only disappointment was in the shipping packaging.  I knew that I was ordering 2 boxes of K-cups but was surprised to see how big the shipping box was.  There was room for 3 boxes, with the extra space filled with bubble-wrap, which seems wasteful to me.  But on the whole, I am very happy with my coffee!
This coffee has a nice bold flavor, not too strong, but smooth and bold enough that you know your having a wakeful, full bodied cup of coffee that is really enjoyable.  If you like a distinctive, medium bold cup of coffee you will love this.
one of the best choices so far.  If you like bold coffee you will like this one  Will definitely buy again
I prefer stong coffee but my husband does not like it quite so strong.  It works well for me.  The way he made it work for him, he makes a cup and a half and that suits him.  It also makes the KCup last twice as long!
Out of curiosity I compared with side-by-side with Tully's French Roast k-cups.  These Green Mountain k-cups do not have quite the full bodied flavor of Tully's.  Both k-cups are good, but if you're going after a French Roast with the most full spectrum and thickness of flavor then I'd recommend Tully's French Roast k-cups.
French roast my green mountain is my favorite every day K-cup. Its a good coffee... bold yet smooth. NOT BURNT (I hate Peets and Starbucks because they taste like the burn the beans). If you like the nasty burnt taste, these probably are not for you. If you want a well balanced, bold, smooth everyday coffee these K-Cups will work!
This is great French Roast. For whatever reason, it is also cheaper (in 24-count) than the other Green Mountain Coffee roasts.
I find many K-Cups are weak and not what I am used to (Starbucks), but this french roast is a pretty good subsitute to the $2 coffee I get from the store.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000F9Z1WS">Planters Peanut Butter Cookie Crisps 100 Calorie Packs, 6-Count Boxes (Pack of 6)</a>.  These cookies are so tasty!  I love the peanut taste and the crispness.  A one-hundred calorie pack is just enough to get started having fun eating them, but then the limitation of the size of the package helps me put the brakes on.  Probably the most important part of weight control is portion control.<br /><br />The cookies have 3 grams fat, 0 mg Cholesterol, and 2 Weight Watchers points.
I enjoy them a lot and so does my son. I have to say that this kind is one of my favorites. It is full of peanut butter flavor that you forget that it is only 100 cals. As for the amount you get in the bag, it is more than I expecting so I was very happy.
I enjoy the Peanut Butter Cookie Crisp, but they are definitely a departure from the originals.  Still my son LOVES them so for this reason I still give it four stars.
One reviewer writes that these are Oreo crackers without the creme--and they are right! These thin Oreo crisp wafer type cookies by Nabisco are easy to pack for when you're on the run and just need a quick sugar infusion. They also make for snacking anytime of the day--or night--and they give you that great Oreo taste without actually using creme as an ingredient.<br /><br />These crackers are cholesterol free and trans fat free--hooray!  There are only 100 calories in a serving and a serving contains only two grams of fat. They are baked crackers which helps make them healthier than other snacking choices including greasy French fries. These crackers somehow manage to give you the full Oreo taste experience while omitting the creme and a fair amount of the calories, too. Excellent!<br /><br />These Oreo thin crisps come in six smaller packets which will be inside the box you buy. This makes them even more portable for both children and adults. Another advantage of the cookies coming in smaller packages inside the box is that you know that each packet has been pre-measured to contain only 100 calories. This way you can't accidentally eat too many and take in more calories than you wanted to have.<br /><br />I notice that these crackers are made with cocoa. Please consult your doctor if you have any concerns about caffeine. Chocolate and cocoa could contain too much caffeine for you if you are sensitive to that.<br /><br />I recommend these crackers for persons on the go who want a quick snack. They should provide you with a sugar boost for quick energy. They make for a healthier alternative to other snack foods loaded with fat and/or cholesterol.<br /><br />Buy some and enjoy them today!  SMILES
I really like these.  They are so light and airy, almost like chips instead of cookies!  The flavor is that yummy OREO chocolate we all know and love!
These are good but the flavor did not resemble an oreo. I purchased these along with the chips ahoy and those did resemble the flavor of chips ahoy. In my opinion these tasted like animal crackers. I will stick to chips ahoy 100 calorie packs.
I have been eating the 100 Calorie Chip Ahoy for sometime. I really find that it is a filling, guilt-free snack. It has a unique taste of its own - not a `diet' food-type taste either, it taste like a `real' snack.
As I get older and fatter, I seek opportunities to eat snacks that at least make a nominal attempt to be healthy.  Oreo cookies fail to reach very high on my list of healthy foods.  However, Oreo cookies are delicious beyond belief.  Not only are Oreo cookies delicious, but I sometimes think I hear Oreo cookies calling my name as I walk by them.  Honest.  I am unable to buy Oreo cookies because if I do I know I will eat them; generally in a few days.  Not a good idea.<br /><br />Nabisco, realizing that many of us are making some nominal attempt at eating more healthy foods, have created a brand-identified snack eliminates all the bad fats and most of the fat, creating a yummy and crunchy chocolate wafer snack that is like a chocolate cracker.  To this point no one has ever created a truly healthy snack that is like a cookie.  However, this wafer snack, which Nabisco has decided not to call a cookie, perhaps because cookie sounds fattening, is reasonably yummy.  I have eaten these things several times and still eat them.  I actually eat them more than regular Oreos, which I count as quite a nod to health.<br /><br />You may be tempted to add icing to this baked cookie.  If you are going to add the fat and calories in icing, perhaps you should just skip in pretense at reducing calories and fat and go straight to regular Oreo cookies.  In fact, just revel in the calories and go for the Double Stuff Oreos.<br /><br />Oreos have been around since 1912, and remain the best-selling cookie brand in history.  According to our friends at Kraft, which owns Nabisco, and which is owned by the Altria Group (renamed from Philip Morris, presumably for marketing reasons), more then 450 billion Oreo cookies were sold in the first 90 years of their existence.  Though Oreo Thin Crisps fall quite a bit short of the real thing, they are high quality and have sufficient flavor that allows these baked chocolate wafers to have the Oreo name.<br /><br />Of course, you could just stick with rabbit food and be truly healthy, but where is the fun in that?  For those of us that find a constant diet of veggies to be just too healthy to be fun, and yet the thought of pigging out on a pound of Oreos smacks of chunks of fat floating through our circulatory system, Oreo Thin Crisps are a lovely alternative.  Or course, you probably should avoid eating pounds of these, even with the reduced fat.  Food is food and too much low fat food still is not good for you, even if it tastes good.  At least Oreo Thin Crisps do not talk to me when I walk by.<br /><br />Enjoy!
We are still six years away from the centennial for the Oreo cookie, which was first manufactured by Nabisco in 1912 as something more exciting for people to dip in their tea than the biscuits the English tend to use (it was copyrighted as the "Oreo Biscuit").  The sandwich cookie was quite similar to the Hydrox cookie produced by Sunshine, but Oreo dominated the market to such an extent that they stopped making Hydrox back in 1996. What would be considered the "modern" Oreo cookie was developed in 1952 (originally they were mound shaped, which is why some think the name comes from the Greek word for "hill"), with the two circular chocolate wafers with the sweet white filling commonly called the "cream" in between.<br /><br />Of course today consumers do not have to restrict themselves to just the tradition Oreo cookie.  There are Oreos with chocolate-flavored cream instead of the traditional white, as well as orange colored cream at Halloween and red at Christmas.  You can get Oreos with a double portion of filling, not to mention mixing and matching two flavors of filling (carmel and chocolate, coffee and cream, peanut butter and chocolate, etc.).  You want the original cookie with a coating of chocolate fudge?  They have that, or with white chocolate fudge in winter, and then there is the Uh-Oh! Oreo with the flavors of the cookie reversed.<br /><br />But what if you are interested in watching your weight because once you open a bag of which ever type of Oreos are your personal preference they are just sitting them beginning to be eating?  After all, once they are open they could go stale, and putting them in a cookie jar just makes them more accessible even if it allays fears about freshness.  Nabisco has taken a three-prong approach for weight watching Oreo lovers.  You can go with the Reduced Fat Oreo, which is identical to the size of the original but has less fat per serving.  Then there are the Mini Oreos, bite-sized versions packaged in snack packs rather than in really think wrapped trays.  Now we can add to that short list the Oreo Thin Crisps.<br /><br />These are baked chocolate six-sided wafer snacks, almost 20 to a pack, that are lightly sprinkled with white specks that are to take the place of the aforementioned cream.  Now, I am someone who likes the cream more than the wafer, so I was wary because I thought scarffing down a bunch of these would be like eating the chocolate wafers without the white cream, but they are lighter in taste than that, even without having the glass of milk handy that I considered essentially when eating the more traditional Oreo cookies.  Since they do have the Oreo taste I can round up on these.  These come in 100 Calorie Packs, to help you draw the line at a nice round number when it comes to caloric intake.  You can six 0.81 oz (23g) packs in a 4.86 oz box.  Each pack contains 0 grams of trans-fat, 2 grams of fat, and 0 milligrams of cholesterol.  You will also find one of 100 Healthy Living Tips on the front of the pack (e.g., #56: "Make a meal out of appetizers or side dishes instead of larger main entrees").  Of course, I was thinking of putting some of these in a bowl of vanilla ice cream, but that would really mess up the whole healthy living bit.
Love this snack.<br />Its really tasty.<br />Filling for my wife, not me though..."I'll take 2 please" =)
how good these cookies really are.  They're delicious, satisfying, and really, really healthy.  Definitely a great alternative to "real" cookies.
FIRST THOUGHTS: BRINGS BACK OLD MEMORIES<br /><br />When I recently tried these little wafers I recalled when I worked in an office nearly 20 years ago. Whenever the Director skipped lunch, he ran all through the department pleading with all the ladies to pull something out of their handbags or desks that might get him through till 5 O'clock. He usually ended up with a couple of packaged saltines which had long since turned stale and were mostly crumbled from being crushed at the bottom of a handbag or desk drawer. I came to realize that some of the girls kept stale crackers just for him - I guess they really admired him. These 'Nabisco Oreo Thin Crisps, Baked Chocolate Wafer Snacks' would have served his purposes much better than the saltines, but I would rather he have more of his old favorites.<br /><br />IN A NUTSHELL: NICE FOR A DIETER AT COFFEE BREAK TIME -- BUT NO CREAM & SUGAR PLEASE<br /><br />Basically, this is a minimalist snack for people who have to eat something in-between meals and they don't want it to be a 600 calorie confection. That's why the biggest print on the label says, "100 calorie packs" -- 4.5 inches across!<br /><br />WHAT'S THIS STUFF ALL ABOUT: ENRICHED FLOUR + SUGAR + "ARTIFICIAL FLAVORS" & "ARTIFICIAL COLORS" & A LITTLE CANOLA OIL<br /><br />2 GRAMS OF FAT & 9 GRAMS OF SUGAR in a 23 GRAM PACKAGE = 100 CALORIES<br /><br />BOTTOM LINE: NO PRETENSES -- SIMPLE LEAN SUGAR WAFER WITH THE USUAL ADDITIVES<br /><br />As diet snacks go this is okay stuff to carry with you. One can avoid more calorie dense alternatives with these wafers on hand, making them a sort of antidote or vaccine against dropping energy and blood-sugar levels in the late afternoon which may lead to a large unplanned snack. For that purpose this is a great product and I know that our Director, 20 years ago, would have given anything to have these modest wafers available instead of the usual stale saltines that he subsisted on for many a long afternoon. When the Director didn't find any saltines around the office he'd head straight for McDonalds and the rest was history.
I hate to admit I miss the lard. I was the one in your 4th-grade class who unscrewed the Oreo, ate all the white middle, licked the wafers clean and then ate the hardened chocolate wafers. That's the image I have of this cookie. Even Barbra Streisand coyly named her singing trio at the beginning of "A Star Is Born" the Oreos because she had two back-up singers who were black. That's why the idea of an Oreo Thin Crisp is rather lost on me.<br /><br />It is a single, nickel-sized baked chocolate wafer that more resembles a bleached Wheat Thin than the original Oreo. It does have some dusting of a white fructose sprinkle as perhaps a nostalgic tribute. Don't get me wrong, as the Oreo Thin Crisps are perfectly fine as low-calorie chocolate wafer alternatives go. They simply lack the lip-smacking satisfaction of a disassembled Oreo digested in pieces. The whole point of the 0.81-ounce bag of wafers is to tout that they are "100 Calorie Packs", a fine idea for Weight Watchers advocates and the rest of us who should be watching our weight. It's just that I don't feel very satisfied after finishing just one pack.
Nabisco knew if they didnt put little things that give this much pleasure in little baglets, we would keep dipping our hand in the bag and in a couple years would all weigh 400 lbs, die an early death and no longer be able to give Nabisco money.<br /><br />Kidding aside, these are loveable. The texture is perfection. If you feel like chewing them quickly or take it slowly and let the light wafer melt in your mouth.
When you have a craving for a sweet but you don't won't too much, this bar is just perfect.  It's yummy.
I don't usually like really crispy cookies, but the taste of these changed my mind.  I like that you get quite a few for only 100 calories.  I often go for "quantity" over "quality" so I would rather have a few thin crisp cookies than one regular cookie.
These are our favorite indulgence at 100 calories for a sweet fix and energy- they are the best!  Sad to see on Amazon they are no longer available ;-(<br />Quick shipping and they arrived safely!
These cookies are just enough when you crave a sweet little snack.  My 3 yr.old granddaughter likes to say the letter<br />before she pops it in her mouth.
These 100 calorie Cakesters are delicious!  Both the vanilla<br />and the chocolate are great, they satisfy those little "sweet"<br />cravings and its only 100 calories for three little cakes!
Let me begin by saying that I do not like Oreo cookies at all. I think the cookie part is bitter and I hate the white cream filling. When a friend suggested I try these I was reluctant and kept telling her that I was not interested. She insisted so I tried a few and surprisingly did not find them to be bad at all. I'm diabetic, so this is not a snack I will be eating often, but a few here and there won't hurt. If you're expecting these to taste like Oreo cookies (I'm one who's glad they didn't!!), then you'll be disappointed. But if you want a chocolate snack that's low in calories and fat please give these a try.
Growing up on Oreos and milk is common. So I was taken aback with the brand extension of Oreo's to cakesters. And while I had low expectations, I must say these are better than normal Oreos. Although I can't say it'll beat the combo of oreos and milk, these are fantastic treats and relatively guilt-free.  If you like cake and like Oreos you can't go wrong with Oreo cakesters.<br /><br />The filling will bring you back to your childhood while the cake will provide you with a whole new Oreo experience. Certainly worth a try - guaranteed enjoyment!
I have recently joined Jenny Craig as  I need to lose some weight, and these 100 Calorie Pack cookies are the greatest thing for snacks.  I appreciate the opportunity to get them from you so reasonably. I have agreed to take a shipment each month.
I loved the original Oreo Cakesters when they first debuted. But, I shied away from eating them on a regular basis because of the high calorie and fat content in each serving. So, when I saw the commercial for the 100 calorie version, I could hardly wait to try them, and I must say I am very impressed!<br /><br />While some of the 100 calorie snack cakes can have a dry, mealy consistency, these cakes are moist, decadent and taste 100% like the originals.....just smaller. I would recommend them to anyone who liked the original version, but is watching calories. Good job Nabisco!
My family is on the last box.  My oldest daughter ate most of the cookies.  She likes peanut butter more than anything, and these 100-calorie pouches had just the right amount and they taste great.
These are more like a cracker - good for a little fill in for between meals.
Super yummy! Really hits the spot when I want a chocolatey snack that won't break the calorie bank.
Such an easy way to buy calorie controlled snacks.  The arrived quickly.  So easy to take to work or when you need just an easy snack.
I absolutely love the Oreo Thin Crisps cookies <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000F9Z1WI">Oreo Thin Crisps 100 Calorie Packs, 6-Count Boxes (Pack of 6)</a>. They taste great and satisfy my chocoholic craving without compromising my diet.
Of all the 100-calorie pack snack products I've tried (and there have been many!) these are my absolute favorites. The funny thing is that I don't even like Oreos, and am not that crazy about chocolate. However, these Thin Crisps are exactly that, thin and crisp. They are also just right to fend off sweet cravings or premature hunger.
They melt in your mouth!  I think I found my perfect snack.<br />I love Oreos, but hate all the fat they provide to my diet.  By diet I mean the ability to eat everything in moderation.  I monitor how much fat I ingest for many reasons, health being the most important.  One package of these cookies had the same great taste of oreos with only 1/4 of the fat.<br />I also like the fact that they come in individual packages:  They don't go stale;  you can take them on trips, movies, park, etc.<br />Great tea or coffee cookies too!.... and, of course, good old milk.
I hate to admit I miss the lard. I was the one in your 4th-grade class who unscrewed the Oreo, ate all the white middle, licked the wafers clean and then ate the hardened chocolate wafers. That's the image I have of this cookie. Even Barbra Streisand coyly named her singing trio at the beginning of <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000AYEL1A">A Star Is Born</a> the Oreos because she had two back-up singers who were black. That's why the idea of an Oreo Thin Crisp is rather lost on me.<br /><br />It is a single, nickel-sized baked chocolate wafer that more resembles a bleached Wheat Thin than the original Oreo. It does have some dusting of a white fructose sprinkle as perhaps a nostalgic tribute. Don't get me wrong, as the Oreo Thin Crisps are perfectly fine as low-calorie chocolate wafer alternatives go. They simply lack the lip-smacking satisfaction of a disassembled Oreo digested in pieces. The whole point of the 0.81-ounce bag of wafers is to tout that they are "100 Calorie Packs", a fine idea for Weight Watchers advocates and the rest of us who should be watching our weight. It's just that I don't feel very satisfied after finishing just one pack.
Dude, these things are pretty good... as long as you're not bent on them being just like Oreos. I mean, they're not. But I definitely like them better than other chocolate cracker snacks like teddy grahams. The lightness of the crackers makes them perfect for slathering on other goodies, like peanut butter, cream cheese, icing, pudding, melted chocolate...
These are great snacks for traveling, such as, by airplane or car.  The cookie comes in the shape of a small cracker.  The cracker is less messy than a cookie which can break apart and crumble; and for this reason a preferred treat.<br /><br />The texture is comparable to a medium crunchy chip and very light to eat.  The first response by most people when eating the cracker for the first time is, "Humm these are good!"  This is a pleasant response and these crackers will probably be a big success over time.
Who doesn't love Oreo cookies?  Many of us well remember after school snacks of Oreo cookies and milk.  However, also for many of us those school days when we could eat all we wished and not gain an ounce are in the past.  So, it's a special treat that brings back all kinds of good memories to find Oreo Thin Crisps.<br /><br /> No, I was not one who pulled the cookie apart to lap the frosting, I just loved the chocolatey taste and that is all in these cookies less the unwanted cals. They're crispy, crunchy, chocolate wafers - a wonderful comfort snack.<br /><br /> A high five for Oreo Thin Crisps!<br /><br />  - Gail Cooke
I was one of fifty families chosen to receive Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters for free to do a product review on.  Once I received my Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters in the mail, I and two of my grandsons decided to do the taste test immediately.<br /><br />The box of Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters comes with five individual packages.  Each package is 100 calories.  In fact, the Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters are advertised as being 100 calorie packs so that people will know exactly how many calories they are having so there is no guesswork involved.  Each 100 calorie package comes with three Oreo mini cakesters which translates to each mini cakester having approximately thirty-three and one third calories.<br /><br />The appearance of the Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters is one of tiny chocolatey goodness.  They are a dark chocolate color with a thin slice of cream filling and are soft and slightly crumbly.  When you put a Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters into your mouth, they crumble into a delicious chocolate cake flavor.  In fact, they do remind me a little of having a small bite of chocolate cake.  The Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters mostly have a chocolate flavor and the cream filling isn't as easily tasted or rather it wasn't possible to isolate the flavor of the cream from the chocolate but I didn't have a problem with this and neither did either of my grandsons.<br /><br />My oldest grandson ate almost two 100 calories packs of the Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters minus one or approximately 167 calories.  He enjoyed eating them and even gave Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters his `lick of approval' to the wrapper they came in!<br /><br />My youngest grandson isn't able to communicate effectively verbally (he's special needs) but I considered his dedication to eating his Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters as a sign of approval as seen through his chocolate face and intensity as he ate his 100 calorie pack plus the one loose one from his older brother or his approximately 134 calories.<br /><br />I definitely give the Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters a thumbs up.  I believe that I really got a true sense of how good they tasted from my two 100 calorie packs or 200 calories worth of Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters that I ate. I honestly didn't mean to eat both 100 calorie packs but that last one was sitting there calling my name and my adult daughter was not home yet so, I ate it.  But luckily I know that all I had was 200 calories which in the grand scheme of things is not too bad at all!<br /><br />I like the fact that the Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters are presented as a 100 calorie pack.  I found the thought comforting especially since I ate two packages of them!  I even found it fun to know how many calories my grandsons were consuming of them too!!  I am diabetic and overweight besides so knowing the calorie count is a good thing for me.  I think the Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters are good for a small chocolatey treat when you just want something sweet and chocolate but you don't want to overindulge.<br /><br />If I have any complaint about the Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters, it would be that they are too small!!  But since that is actually part of their appeal, I don't consider their small size a problem.<br /><br />I do recommend Nabisco Oreo Mini Cakesters for anyone who wants a small and controlled portion of a chocolate treat because they are the perfect size to keep you in control of your diet instead of letting the chocolate treat control you.
I love Oreos but hate the filling.  These prevent me from having to scape the filling out and they're good for you - calorie wise.
These arrived in the middle of May and they have an expiration date of the first week of July. This means I have to eat a lot of these in the next few weeks! Just beware if you're planning on stocking up for the future...the future will get here very soon with these!<br /><br />It's also interesting that the box inside the Amazon box says "For internal use only". I'm not sure what that's about!
They all taste really good. It comes in Mango, Strawberry, and Red Bean. They are each individually wrapped so you only have to eat one at a time. There are 20 of each flavor as well. When I finish this canister I plan on buying another. *^^*
you can find the sogo sweet rice mochi at Costco now, just 7bucks sth<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0042TR2WE">Sogo Sweet Rice Cakes Japanese Style Mochi Assorted Flavor Cannister</a>
I got this after a mention in the NY Times and immediately became an addict.  It's a little hot but not too much, and it has an amazing depth of flavor -- a lot more than the plain version.  I use it in chicken salad to cut back on the amount of mayo, to add flavor to blah soups and as a substitute for a lot of the oil in salad dressings.  A little bit over steamed veggies and added to yogurt over baked potatoes (instead of sour cream) is also great.
My aged cat has a very sensitive stomach and she cannot eat most cat foods available. However, she has absoloutely no problems with this. Not once in all the months i've been feeding her this has she ever vomited in any way. Not to mention she's acting healthier and seems stronger on this brand.<br /><br />And she easily eats this dry without having to add any wet food to make it palatable. She clearly likes the taste.<br /><br />All in all I highly recommend this to anyone with a senior cat.
I don't know why Science Diet is being referred to as junk food, as it is one of the higher quality foods on the market. A lot of the new organic and natural cat foods are not as healthy for pets as they are cracked up to be. But regardless, my veterinarian wanted me to put my 2 year old cat on a prescription food because of the high count of crystals in her urine. After some comparisons, Science Diet Mature Adult active longevity is the closest to the prescription food. Both my cats, the younger one and the older (10) are on this food and they seem to enjoy it. They both graze all day and are indoor cats so i try my best not to overfeed them. My younger cat has not had issues with her urine since she went on this food and we are all happy :)
This is the perfect food for my cat & in fact, the only one she will eat - wet or dry.
A friend brought a bag of this tea back from a trip to Taiwan, and shared it with his coworkers. I was amazed when I drank my first cup. The best word to describe the mouth feel is buttery. It's a wonderful, clear and elegant tasting tea. I've never had anything like it, and can't wait for it to become available. Everyone he shared it with wants to buy some. A Japanese friend who has been drinking green tea all her life said it was a special experience to taste this tea. Please offer it soon!
BEST coffee I have ever tasted.<br /><br />My wife, neighbors and friends are all CRAZY over Jamaican Me Crazy!!!<br /><br />You must try it!!!
I love coffee anytime of day. But sensibly I drink decaffienated coffee during afternoon and evening hours. And a flavored coffee is a real treat. But some can be overpowering. This "Jamaican Me Crazy" flavor not only suits my personality(HA), it is very pleasing to the palate. The flavoring is very subtle while allowing the full flavor of the coffee to be enjoyed. And oh, the aroma is delicious! Both while grinding the beans and brewing the coffee. I will definitely purchase this again.
I was looking for a wheel. You know, like the one sitting at the bar at a restaurant. I wanted to offer some broken pieces along with olives, pepperoni, and some prosciutto.  All for a New Years eve party. Well it was not a wheel - thank goodness because it was half a wheel and at 20 pounds for the half wheel, 40 pounds would have been way too much. The flavor was excellent, just enough of bite.  The creaminess of the cheese really came through and was a perfect balance. I broke up the half wheel into thirds and decorated a tray with a cascading effect of broken pieces. It was all well received with the choices of red wine. There was more than enough, which has allowed me to enjoy the flavors for other favorite dishes for a couple of more weeks. I am looking forward to ordering this again - Super Bowl is right around the corner. It is big, so make sure you can carry and store this quantity. As far as cost, I thought it was a great deal since it seemed to have much less rind than what we purchase elsewhere. The cost per pound may be average, but the amount of actual usable cheese is there with the great flavor.
absolutely delicious  have tried it on everything from meat and fish to scrambled eggs highly recommend it
i have started the extraction process less than a month ago, and so far it looks and smell wonderful. waiting to try it.i have put 6 oz in 1.75 liters of vodka and now have a beautiful brown fluid that as i stated earlier smells wonderful. I plan on using the other 2 oz. in some homemade vanilla frozen icecream etc.
Wifey bought these for me for Christmas.  I used to work with a guy who would bring still warm home roasted peanuts to work.  After he left I wanted to try it myself.  These were great. 25 minutes in the oven with one stir and they are done. They taste better than any grocery store peanuts ever could.  I might shell some of them and try honey roasting too.  I see a lot of people boil them, what are boiled peanuts like?  You don't see them up here in RI and I've never tried them.
Same great taste as the honeybush tea bags, but so much more green!  Thank you for packaging this in bulk!
We use this in place of sugar for almost everything.  It has a light flavor, sort of similar to honey without the crystallization and the strong flavor.  The best part is the lack of sugar highs and crashes due to its lower glycemic index.
I was truly amazed at how great this product is. The flavor is everything that you can expect from a sweetner that is this pure! I will be ordering it again and I will try the other flavors as well!
Buy these cookies. You will not regret it.<br /><br />They are, hands down, the best store-bought chocolate cookies out there, and I buy every new brand that comes out (from Mrs Fields to all the permuatations offerred by Pepperidge Farms).<br /><br />These are much better than Entenmann's recent incarnation of "new recipe" chocolate chip cookies, the milk chocolate chip and "soft baked" chocolate chip cookies. Both of these newer cookie species are awful: the milk chocolate tastes like rotting bananas and the cookie part tastes like all the other crappy store-bought soft cookies out there.<br /><br />In contrast, Entenmann's Original Recipe chocolate cookie is a mind-blowing experience: delicious dark chocolate chips and a soft mouth-watering cookie with a unique but ineffable taste. They seem to have perfected the ratio of flour to sugar, so that the cookie is delicious without weighing you down with excessive sugary sweetness (this is again in contrast to their horrible new cookies).<br /><br />I have absolutely no idea why Entenmann's decided to nearly eliminate their sales of the classical recipe and replace it with these disgusting brands. It seems to have happened when the Entenmann name was bought by a larger multinational company, so it was probably a money-saving opportunity. The Original Recipe cookies likely have expensive ingredients.<br /><br />The only problem is they are so hard to find: thank goodness they are now on Amazon!!!
I found Wild Thymes many years ago and have continued to use their products - the Lemon Salad Refresher is my favorite salad dressing, it is light, now cal, and very tasty. Excellent on any green or pasta salad and especially good on fresh Heirloom tomatoes with fresh avocado slices. Yum! Their Customer Service is excellent and helpful, and the site shares some great recipes as well. I'm a fan.
I have purchased these though a local source for four dollars for a pack of eight. If you are not sensitive to MSG then these are a delicious alternative to other salty snacks. The seasoning is tasty and the thin sheets of seaweed are lite and crispy! I eat them two or three packs at a time...25 calories per. Love them!
My little ones love seaweed and rice and this seaweed did not disappoint.<br />other brands are too oily or salty or not enough.  This one though is just right.<br />I would be buying it again... and again.
Great for sushi, or for use with Korean kim-bob, or maybe just as a snack. Lightly salted, great crunch, and will support, rice, beef, pork, even fish.<br />Or a vegetable or two.
I found this stuff to be very tasty, great with jasmine rice or just as a snack. I don't mind a little MSG if it enhances the flavor.
This coffee was really good.  Been trying to find it in New York, but haven't been able to.  I think it's worth the few extra bucks to get it delivered.  I've ordered twice now and each time the coffee comes fresh and still very aromatic.  Also, I think the caffeine content is pretty high, as I'm more awake on this brand then other brands like starbucks and fairway market brands.
This is my family's favorite brand of wheat free gluten free cake mix. This brand is moist, tasty and closer to the traditional cake mixes  people are used to. Namaste products are the best in my opinion of what's available out there in health food stores. Try it! You won't be disappointed.
I added 3 tbsp of sugar and half tsp of pure vanilla and a pinch of alum  free baking powder and  coconut oil for oil  and it came out soo good. My son loved it . I liked it too. The fact that it's all the major allergens free makes it better.
Excellent for GF.  Not bad on it's own but I have used it as a basis for coconut cake, pineapple upside down cake, tres leches cake and others.
I think Namaste Gluten Free Spice Cake Mix is their best but vanilla cake is pretty good,too. I especially like it with whipped cream and strawberry sauce with a dash of ground orange peel. In my oven,the mix bakes better in muffin cups or a muffin pan than in a rectangular pan.
I've made these twice in cupcake form, topped with red jam and powdered sugar. Of course it doesn't taste like a normal vanilla cake... more grainy in texture, with a subtle sweetness, and some  spice.<br />But I think they are super tasty. They didn't suffer from the weird chewy texture I often run into with rice-flour based mixes. Also used EnerG egg replacer with no problem.
I used this mix to make a 9x13 cake in a glass pan using grapeseed oil, spring water, and free range eggs.  I thought the cake had a nice flavor to it but it was not what I was expecting.  I was craving a white cake (like wedding cake) and went to my local store to find something wheat-free, gluten-free and dairy-free; I purchased this vanilla cake mix.  I think it is a very good mix.  I couldn't really taste the vanilla flavor but thought it had a nice flavor.  The cake is yellow, dense (but not like a pound cake) and texture-y like brown rice has more texture than white rice.  I thought the sweetness was just right.  I think I would purchase again but would make pineapple upside down cake with it.
This mix allowed my little one to have cupcakes at his second birthday party.  They turned out great and with some homemade vanilla icing, they were a hit with everyone!  I even used Ener G's egg replacer to replace the multiple eggs the mix calls for.  One hint, bake for almost the maximum time on the directions.  They come out golden brown and moist.
This tea is hard to find - it was a joy to find it on Amazon.<br /><br />Large package -6 full size boxes arrive all for enjoyment!<br /><br />Sugar plum is a delicious, sweet, warm, feel good tea. Reminding you of Christmas. It has that spice palate of warm hibiscus, barley, rosehips. I think what I like most of all is the sweet aromatic taste. One of those tastes that makes you feel taken care of - a special treat when you are little. Like when mom or dad would make you hot coco or something you like that was so sweet and rare and ONLY on those special occations.<br /><br />I adore this tea and rather drink anyother tea.<br />I am so happy to have found it!
This tea makes me sleep better than sleepy time tea. The taste is also pretty good. I make mine very concentrated<br />with less than 3 ounces of hot  water and I cover the mug top with a plate and wrap a towel around the whole thing<br />and let it sit for as long as I can before I drink it.
This tea smells and tastes like Christmas! This has always been my family's favorite tea for children's (and big kid's) tea parties.
I began purchasing this tea years ago and looked forward to it each year. For the past two years I was unable to locate it in my local stores so I was elated to find it at Amazon. It tastes like cinnamon and red candy apples to me. I love it!
So glad to have found this tea...it's my absolute holiday favorite!  Thanks for the fast shipping too!
****<br /><br />Celestial Seasonings' Sugar Plum Spice is a delightful holiday tea. It contains hibiscus, roasted barley malt, roasted chicory root, rosehips, chamomile flowers, natural plum flavor with other natural flavors, ginger root, roasted carob, and cardamom. It does not contain caffeine, so it's technically an herbal tea.<br /><br />Celestial Seasonings has been around a long time, and makes quality teas. All of their teas are free of preservatives and artificial colorings and flavorings, all are certified Kosher and none use irradiated botanicals, which I appreciate. Although they use "natural flavors" in their teas, these natural flavors are derived primarily from fruits, spices and herbs, and never contain monosodium glutamate (MSG). They use environmentally conscious packaging and sustainable sourcing. To remove the caffeine from green and black teas, they use a process called "effervescent decaffeination" (using carbon dioxide). Celestial Seasonings justifiably takes pride in being a company that makes natural teas.<br /><br />On the package, Celestial Seasonings writes, "Take a sip of Sugar Plum Spice and journey with us to the Land of the Sweets in Tchaikovsky's The Nutcracker. Here you'll find gingerbread houses, trees laden with sugar plums and days filled with sunshine. This is the land of the Sugar Plum Fairy, who is beautiful, gentle and kind. We created this tea to pay tribute to her. Sugar Plum Spice is made with 100% natural herbs and the festive flavors of plum and spice, with just a hint of sweetness." This tea is slightly sweet and full bodied, tasting just as you would expect from the description. The cardamom and ginger give it a little zing. Each tea bag packs a lot of flavor and I only need to use one at a time.<br /><br />I recommend it, even if it's not a holiday. It's perfect for a cold or wet winter day.<br /><br />****
It's hard to rate tea. It's very good tea, but tea nonetheless. However, the company that sells this particular tea was very nice to deal with. They shipped the tea very quickly. I'll most likely buy from them again when the need arises.
The fortune cookies were shipped immediately and were packed well, i.e. none arrived broken.  The cookie was delicious and the fortunes were classic chinese (and not the modern version).
My daughter's Kindergarten class celebrated Chinese New Year and we were in charge of providing the fortune cookies.  This company had a prompt delivery and the cookies were a great success.  Her teacher commented on how funny the fortunes were for the kindergartens.
I brought these cookies as a "dish to pass" at my family Christmas get together. they were a hit. The cookies were fresh, and unbroken. packaging was well done, and delivery was prompt. my sisters had fun with the fortunes, by adding the phrase, "while in bed" after reading each fortune.<br /><br />I will use the Amazon vendor, "House of Rice" again.
The cookies were kind of stail but other than that it was fast shipping and good packing the cookies weren't broken
My primary reason for ordering, was the picture had shown the cookies as green. I will acknowledge that the "Important Information" heading listed a warning that the actual product may be different, compared to what was shown. Aside from the color problem, they were shipped quickly, and properly. Only one or two broken cookies on arrival, but it's no big deal, I eat a few when they come in anyway. I'm not sure what flavor they are, but they are delicious, as per the description. If you're not picky on color, good value.
The cookie is crispy good and flavorful.  The fortunes are thoughtful, not the shallow ones we are seeing lately.(Be patient, even in time an egg will walk)  I received the quantity and quality I ordered.
I ordered these fortune cookies as rewards for my students each time they passed a multiplication test (to go along with the theme "Fortunately we know our math facts").  The majority of the cookies arrived still in tact.  I understand that with shipping there are bound to be a few broken cookies.  I am very please with the product and the customer service.  I will definitely be ordering again in the future and will make sure I refer my family and friends to this business.
I am very pleased with this product. I almost did not buy them because they looked green on my computer, but when I received them they were the normal tan color that most of them are.
This is the second time I have ordered this product.  I was happy enough the first time to place an order again.  Cookies were fine and delivery was very quick. Thank you.
Well packed. Few are broken but it is understandable. The cookies are tasty and the notes are interesting. My friends and I really enjoyed it! Thx!
Great Product, fast shipment,the food product tasted great. none of the fortune cookies where opened.  i would buy again from this seller!
I bought these as a gift for my sister, I was so excited to see that they arrived in great condition. My sister loved them!
These cookies were a big hit at our progressive New Year's Eve dinner.  Everyone enjoyed reading their fortune each time we arrived at another house. They really kept the party moving...
This is a great product, however, you can buy it in a salumeria in Brooklyn, NY for $9.99.  Frank & Sal on 18th Avenue--Brooklyn. And I'm editing my review because amazon assigned me the profile name "LIAR LIAR." Animals! I was only stating a fact about what a rip-off the site is.  In the future ,Amazonn please don't call me a liar. That's not nice you stupid thieves.
Bought as a Christmas present. Smells like a milk shake. I might have to try it, might make a coffee drinker out of me!
Amazing! My roommate brought this home because it was on sale and at first I just gave it a shrug. Within a week I was adding it to every combination of bread, peanut-butter, muffins, sauces, meats I had in my kitchen-- guiltily apologizing to my roommate as I scooped and slathered away. Anything I added it to, even if it seemed strange was immediately transformed into something wonderfully delicious. Even sweetening my tea and coffee with it had me in bliss. Needless to say, the jar was emptied quickly. I went back to the store to try stock up but they were all sold out and I haven't been able to find anything like it since. Please MacKays! bring your deliciousness back, I have a long life ahead of me and I've only just discovered you!!
I bought this for my sister for christmas...she loved it, but was afraid she'd eat all of it at once, so she took the box to work.  Within 1 hour, it was finished by all her interns!
Okay, not like the butter most people would expect, but a very smooth, full and slightly savory vegetal flavor. The first time you take a sip, you might not notice it, but let it sit in your mouth a bit before swallowing and then take another sip. The more you drink it, the more it will become apparent. It is very soothing to the pallet.<br /><br />Jin Xuan Golden Lily Oolong from Summit Tea Company it a good if not great tea, especially for the price and quantity you get. A solid every day drinker. It is not as complex as some that I've had, but that could be due to how long ago it was harvested and a number of other conditions. Depending on how you brew it, a serving of these leaves is good for 4-5 infusions before the flavor wanes, making it an even better value. And even then, the broth is soft and sweet.<br /><br />If you like your Oolongs more on the green side, then you should give it a try. I know I'll be ordering another tin.
I eat these tuna cups (or the salmon cups) almost daily.<br /><br />If you're looking for a nutritious snack, these cups really can't be beat.  If you're a bodybuilder or athlete trying to increase your daily protein intake, these are awesome.  If you're a parent trying to get your kid to eat healthy, getting them to like fish is a great idea.  If you're trying to eat 5-7 meals a day to lose weight, make one of these cups one of your meals, the protein fills you up and makes you feel good.  It also requires a bit of chewing to complete the eating experience.<br /><br />Why eat a nutritionally empty "100 calorie pack" of goldfish crackers or potato chips when you could have something like this that has only 80 calories and infinitely more nutritional benefit??<br /><br />I'll eat these alone, straight from the cup, basically anywhere since you don't need to refridgerate and you don't need a can opener.  I'll dump them onto salad, or mix with rice, quinoa, or beans.<br /><br />Here's the nutrition data off the back (for 1 2.7oz cup) at the time of writing:<br /><br />Calories 80 (10 from fat)<br />Total Fat 1g<br />Cholesterol 35mg<br />Sodium 15mg<br />Total Carb 0g<br />Protein 18g<br />Omega-3 EPA/DHA 200mg<br /><br />You really can't beat this for something so portable that requires no preparation or refridgeration.  The package says "in water" but there's a little bit of broth in the cup, and if you squeeze this out or just leave it at the bottom of the cup, you probably cut the sodium down to 10mg.<br /><br />I highly recommend these tuna cups and the salmon cups as well.  But, avoid the tuna salad, or the flavored varieties if you are looking to get the maximum nutritional benefit.  Those salads and flavorings just add salt, sugar, carbs.
Although I prefer to get my tuna in the foil packages, what I had ordered appears to no longer be available through Amazon so I tried these and they are handy and pretty goo eating for one.  Toss on a salad, or use on bread or toast to add good quality protein.
Cats are such finicky eaters some times.  My old lady kitty does not like the canned cat foods, but she always went nuts whenever I'd open a can of tuna for myself.  So I gave her some one time.  These Tuna Cups are a great way to keep the tuna fresh enough over a few days, and good for travel.<br /><br />Same items can be purchased at grocery store, but buying in quantity through Amazon saves some $$.  Thank you
When I'm working, I always carry my own lunch. It's so much better than the food court, and I have much better regulation of my nutrient intake. Finding items having high protein without high fat is the most difficult task. Tuna is excellent and these little Chicken of the Sea White Tuna Cups fill the bill. Put one in the lunch with a few fresh fruit and veggie items and perhaps a few dried fruits and nuts. It's good nutrition, and there's no worry about weight gain. Also, when I'm camping, I like to take a batch of these tuna cups along. In both cases, the cup size just the right for one serving.<br /><br />I had a minor problem with the latest tuna cups, and it might be just a batch problem. My latest tuna was very dry. I almost had to choke it down. And it seemed rather tasteless. I've had these cups in the past and they seemed much better. I have not been satisfied with the present ones. However, I like the product and the serving size and It will not deter me from future purchases.<br /><br />Gary Peterson
I keep a stack of these tuna cups at work, along with lemon juice and teriyaki sauce for variety.  They are low calorie, satisfying, and nutritious.  I'm sold on them-- now buy in bulk and keep on hand all the time!
This is the best one. Bob's Red Mill doesn't hold a candle to this. It's fluffy, delicious. and doesn't stick to the pan.<br />I use 4:1 water to rice....Yum
I like to put wild rice in many dishes. This is a good buy and easy to drop into other rice dishes or soups.
I love portable electric corrals.  They are a fantastic option for containing horses while camping, etc.  They are easy to use, give your horse some walking around room,  don't require a level set-up area, are flexible for size/shape, and are  small enough to keep handy in your trailer's tack room.  I much prefer using these to portable panels, high-lining, tying to the trailer, etc.<br /><br />There are many portable corral kits on the market, all very similar with the same kinds of components.  (Except the Zareba EZEE, which is a different animal.)  So I'll give you a component-by-component rundown on the items in this kit.<br /><br />CHARGER - This kit comes with a charger that takes 2 D batteries.  I was leery of this, having had less-than-stellar performance from a 2D charger in the past.  But this one works pretty good, producing a reasonable strength zap with 100 feet of electric tape (with good grounding in damp, solid soil).  If your horse is already accustomed to and respectful of electric fencing, this should be sufficient.  The charger is easy to use, with the fence and ground terminals clearly marked.  The on-off switch is very accessible, and a light and an audible sound tell you when it's on.<br /><br />ELECTRIC TAPE --  This kit is advertised as coming with 200 feet of ½" tape.  My kit had only 100 feet.  100 feet is enough for one horse.  I don't know where they're coming with up the statement `perfect for containing 4-5 horses for short periods of time'.  No way, not even close, even if I had received the full 200 feet.  Of course, it's easy enough to pick up more electric tape at the farm store.  But beware that the more tape you add on, the less zap you'll get from your charger.  So I'm not sure if the 2D charger would be strong enough with 200 feet of tape.  The tape in this kit comes with a handle pre-installed.  It's a nice handle with a good feel to it, but it doesn't connect nicely to the posts.  I rigged up an extra little tape loop to hook the  handle to.<br /><br />STEP-IN POSTS - These are my favorite kind of step-in posts.  Each post has numerous clips to slide the tape through, so you can set at the right height.  It's very quick and easy to insert and remove the tape from the clips, making set-up and take-down easier.<br /><br />CORNER GUY LINES - This kit comes with some very nice corner guy lines and metal bracing stakes.  Honestly, I'll probably never use them.  With this style of fence, there usually isn't much (if any) tension on the posts, so  I've needed corner guy lines.  Why add to set-up and take-down time?  But if you prefer to use the corner guy lines, I think you'll like the ones in this kit.  They are nice quality adjustable lines, with metal stakes.<br /><br />WIRES, GROUND ROD, ETC -- Of course this kit contains the necessary wires to connect the charger to the fence, and the charger to ground.  The ground rod is a 12" pointed spike.  Nothing special here.<br /><br />CARRYING BAG - Oh my gosh, A+++ for this carrying bag!  The bag has one long skinny section for the posts, and a separate snap-off zipper tote for the other components.  Within the smaller bag, there  are separate compartments and elastic holders for each piece.  No more jumble of stuff!!!  I love it.  (One quibble - one of the step-in posts had pierced the bag during packing or shipping.  The bag is made of pretty heavy-duty fabric, but not quite heavy-duty enough to stand up to a pointed spike.  And the ends of the bag are not reinforced to avoid this problem.)<br /><br />All in all, this portable fence kit is about as good as any I've seen and would be a reasonable choice for anyone wanting a camping corral.  Just don't expect it to "contain 4-5 horses ", unless you're rotating those horses in and out one at a time.
This product is both effective and convenient. We were able to assemble it and have it working within 30 minutes. It worked great as a "maternity ward" for our alpaca millay and her new cria. We were able to give them some private time while not feeling as though they were separated from the herd. I highly recommend this product and will have many uses for it in the future! Please view our pictures we have provided in the customer photo section!!
This kit pulls together several standard components rather nicely. I am using it for supplemental grazing of horses, particularly to get small areas that are not permanently enclosed as pasture, but that get overgrown and/or delicious.<br /><br />I like it. Setup time, once you figure out the components, is about 15 minutes. It has all the pieces to make a very reasonable temporary electric corral - tape, posts, charger, ground, and gate hook.<br /><br />The 8 step-in posts are fairly standard: they have nice pointy metal stakes at the bottom that make them relatively easy to insert in moist ground. You probably can't get them into rock hard dry ground, but that's not a surprise. There are clips to give you flexibility in the fence height. But - you've probably seen them at the feed store - this kind of post is pretty short and will feel quite short compared to a normal horse fence.<br /><br />The kit is supposed to come with 200' of 1/2" electric tape. Mine (as a Vine kit) only had 100'. This is enough for one very well behaved horse in a 25x25 square. The tape is not much of a visual barrier, especially with only one strand. This is not a fence I'd trust for a problem horse or for long unattended periods. 200' would be enough for either two strands or to have a 50x50 square and would be a much better value of time spent to grazing time. 50 x 50 is still quite small and the fence is still not substantial. It would be straightforward to add tape, but adding distance also increases the load on the charger.<br /><br />The product description says 4-5 horses. I would not feel safe doing that. Two quiet horses who know each other well and are already familiar with electric fence, maybe three for very brief periods, if you had the 50 x 50 and were nearby or had a secure outer fence. For grazing, three horses would have the area mowed in just a couple of hours.<br /><br />The charger - which uses 2 D batteries - has plenty of zap new. I was pleased by how easy it was to work with. It has its own spike, allowing you to set it up away from the fence.  The connections are long enough that you can put it out of nose range. The grounding nail was easy to set up and pull out.<br /><br />I like that it comes with a simple corner bracing system. You can set it up without the corner braces, depending upon how tight you like your fence and how stiff the ground is. But when you need the braces, you're glad to have the option.<br /><br />The tape comes on a handy small spinning jenny, which is designed to hang on the fence when it is installed. It's a simple thing, and thoughtfully done. It makes it easy to unroll the fence when setting up, and easy to reroll when putting it away. There is no problem doing the whole setup and takedown by yourself.<br /><br />The hook for the gate isn't quite a match for the brackets on the posts. A little bigger hook, or some sort of metal bracket, would be nice, to give a sense of a more secure latch. Still, you're counting on the fence never being touched, so it's not a big problem.<br /><br />The bag for the kit is amazing. Everything fits inside beautifully, with thoughtful pockets - even a special pocket for the instructions. It is easy to carry and extremely organized. I was very impressed to see the thought and effort put into the bag, which makes the kit much easier to use and deal with than just a pile of fence parts. The bag is big enough that there is room for extra items in both the long post compartment and the smaller bag section.<br /><br />This is a very nice and handy kit to have around if you have quiet horses that respect electric fence.
I haven't owned a portable fence for horses until now, but I am impressed and liking this product very much. Upon opening the package I was happy with the portability of the carrying bag, and shocked at how lightweight and compact this system is. It's a great accessory to throw in the trailer when taking the horses out, or just to have around in the event that we need a temporary corral for a couple horses. Once set up, it won't hold more than two of our horses comfortably. I don't think we'd ever try and manage to get 4 inside like the product advertises!<br /><br />The instructions were surprisingly simple and it set up easily between myself and my husband working on it. I can see how this would be great to have for other animals as well (such as alpacas), but we only have need for it with the horses and have had success in containing them.  The step in posts are fantastically designed, the overall design makes the fence very versatile, setting up easily pretty much anywhere your horse an go.<br /><br />We're very happy with it's design and portability and will get a lot of good use out of this system, I think!
I am always impressed when someone tries to solve an old problem in a new way. And I have never been happy hobbling my horse - I'd rather she could escape from a dangerous situation, and something unpredictable is far more likely to happen on the trail than at home. Sooo - here we have this device that is compact and weighs only 15 pounds, thus is easy to pack for trail rides. And since it operates on easily-obtainable D cells, no problem being "off the grid".<br /><br />The Fi-Shock HC-100 Portable Paddock showed up in a nice durable red Cordura nylon case. The long part contains eight molded, reinforced plastic stakes with foot push tabs to make it easy to get the metal spikes at the bottom, into the ground. Their working height seems to be just about 3 feet. Multiple slots allow a variety of configurations in set-up.<br /><br />A smaller bag attaches to the pole bag with snaps. It contains 100' of conductive tape on a reel (no, I don't know why the product description says 200'), the transformer of nicely molded, durable-looking green plastic, a transformer stand to be tamped into the ground, a shoulder strap, and two D cell batteries which I promptly put in a safer place so they couldn't accidentally contact conductive material and discharge.<br /><br />This proved easy enough to set up in an area that is clear of tall brush that could cause trouble when contacting the live tape. Properly set up, the paddock's batteries did not drain. Of course I carried extras. I also chose to guy the corners which I am used to with tents. Of course I had to bring extra rope and tent stakes for that purpose. No problem.<br /><br />This worked... for ONE not-huge horse who is trained to electric fences, so she doesn't challenge them. Sure, any beast of her size could easily break out, but I'd want her to if in danger. No, I can't see how the stated 4 or 5 horses could be contained in this enclosure. But this a viable solution on the trail, for my mare.
Got this to take along on backpacking trips with the horses.  It works fine for that purpose, the size is perfect and worked like a charm.  The two horses didn't attempt a getaway, at least.<br /><br />Easy to put up and easy to take down, along with the portability makes this a camping winner!
I don't have horses, so I am not using this in the traditional way.<br /><br />Our backyard is being redone and all the fences are down.  With a pool there, though covered, I was concerned about the wanderers etc. So this came in handy and it was so easy to set up.
This is a great temporary fence for 1 or 2 horses. It is kinda unwieldy and you may need a little help setting it up if you are a smallish person but it works great after setup.
I bought this color for a cake replica of the Stanley Cup that I made.  I was using this color for the very first time and I have to say that it was perfect!  I was afraid that the silver would be too dark or matte, but it had a sheen and was exactly what I was hoping for.
This is the first time I have found a US produced truffle oil that actually contains real truffle. A lot of other "truffle oils" just have "truffle aroma" (whatever that is) and a lot of chemicals that sound less than pleasant. You can definitely taste the difference as well.
These cookies are amazing. They taste as good as if not better than the original brands. I only wish local stores would catch on and carry this cookie.
These cookies are ridiculous.  They are just as delectable as ... well... any popular chocolate-sandwich-with-cream-center-cookie you can think of :)  When you compare them, they are slightly larger in serving size (2g bigger), and still they have about 10 fewer calories, the same fat, sugar, and carb content, but 25% less saturated fat, three times the fiber, and are MUCH more nutritious (loads of vitamins, minerals, etc). Plus, you don't HAVE to eat 3 cookies, you can just have one or two (good luck).  Everyone who has come to my house has asked to try one, and they went crazy for them.  If you are craving something sweet after a meal and still want to put good things into your body, you will absolutely love these cookies. Delicious to munch and no weird after-taste whatsoever (unlike the WhoNu chocolate chip cookies).  Just sweet, chocolatey, Oreo-esque yumminess.<br /><br />I will say, though, that I cannot, for the life of me, figure out why they're so expensive on Amazon. Maybe because they're not in every grocery store yet, so, when combined with shipping, Amazon can get away with charging a little more?  Who knows. I know I bought them here for convenience, and I'm so glad I got three boxes.  I know you can find them in ShopRite or WalMart for around $3.<br /><br />Wherever you end up getting them, enjoy!
These chocolate sandwich creme cookies by WhoNu? are every bit as delicious as similar brands but they are healthier for you. True, they have almost the same sugar, fat and carb amounts of the best-known name brand of these cookies; but as others have noted they also give you fiber with noticeably more vitamins and minerals than that other brand. This is a plus!<br /><br />They're really good as a snack and it's hard to stop at the serving size of just three cookies; but I guess I'm allowed an occasional guilty pleasure! As I write this they are a bit too expensive on this website; try looking for these cookies elsewhere unless you want the convenience of having them shipped to your door.<br /><br />Overall, these awesome chocolate sandwich creme cookies by WhoNu? are the best! I definitely recommend them as an excellent, healthier alternative to the major name brand of this type of cookie.<br /><br />I love `em! Enjoy!
I bought these locally, not from amazon. I'm in Arizona and they are sold in Albertsons and Bashas stores. They are absolutely delicious and taste just like other cookies. I bought all four of the "flavors" to test them out. The only one I didn't like was the chewy chocolate chip. All others though are wonderful. I count calories and try to eat healthy, but I do indulge with treats sometimes. This is the perfect treat since it has all the vitamins and fiber! I will never eat a regular cookie again. What's the point when you can actually get nutrition from tasty cookies!?
This review is based on taste only, not nutritional value or any of the other qualities or selling points of these cookies.  I wrote three sort of similar reviews for this brand of cookies.  This review is for those who are looking for a cookie because they want a cookie, not vitamins or fiber or whatever.  I bought them because I have a sweet tooth and wanted some cookies and these were on sale plus I had a coupon.  I purchased the crispy cookies, the vanilla sandwich cookies and the chocolate sandwich cookies.  I thought they were all very good and would not hesitate to buy them again. I found these cookies to taste very good, very similar to an oreo except that the cookie part was a little thinner and crispier than an Oreo.  Oreos might taste a wee bit better but then they're Oreos, come on.  A cool fact I found out when I was looking up ingredients for Whonu Chocolate Sandwich cookies and Oreos, the first ingredient in regular Oreos is sugar and in these cookies and most other sandwich cookies I think it is flour.  I found that interesting for some reason.  Anyway, out of the three flavors I tried this was my least favorite but only because I like vanilla ALOT, these are still great tasting chocolate sandwich cookies!
these are grossly overpriced.  It is a package of three boxes but when you take into account that they are a dollar of two per box than they should be, you then have to pay for shipping.  Sorry, I would skip them.  My local grocery store carries them and a box is anywhere from 2.98 to 3.49 each.  Although these are healthier than some other cookies, you still have to watch the fat, sugar and salt contents.  Whole foods are much better for you but in a moment or two of indulging, these fit the bill.  Just the price on this site is ridiculous!  Ask your grocer to start carrying them.
i purchased Cafe Excellence Crazy Caramel, Flavored Whole Bean<br />coffee it has a very good flavor and would buy again and the price was great
Great, Fresh coffee beans. Gave as a christmas gift. We all had some of it and loved it. The smell was great and the flavour was awsome.
This gum is my absolute favorite. By purchasing on amazon I can get the savings of large quanities at a very good price. I highly recommend to all gum chewers. Plus as you enjoy the peppermint flavor and freshing of breath you are whitening your teeth all at the same time.
Took me years to find the ultimate chewing gum, but when I found Wrigley's Orbit White peppermint the search ended. I've been chewing this gum for many years now, I occasionally try something else, but nothing ever wins. The peppermint in this gum can wipe out the worst of bad breath, and toward the end of its chewable life, it doesn't start to taste awful or give you worse breath as many gums will do; it simply loses its flavor.<br /><br />Only drawbacks. I usually chew 2 pieces at a time, so they are a bit small and #2 they just changed the packaging. It used to fit nicely in your back pant pocket, inside suit jacket pocket etc, now its twice as thick and poorly layed out so it's bulky. Not sure why they had to change; probably to do with retail stores layout. This won't prevent me from buying it, but it's really annoying. Wrigley; just never change the flavor!
I bought these for my girlfriend who just happens to live in California, and she loved them. The chocolates came fresh and the packaging was just beautiful.<br /><br />Hand-written card, her name was hand-written on the front of the card, and extra care was taken in the whole process. I will definitely buy again from Choclatique.<br /><br />If I could rate higher, I would. I was sent a $15 refund for the shipping because my girlfriend lived nearby. I've never had such an honest company before, that was pretty cool!
Got these luscious wine chocolates to use as part of my stocking stuffers.  They were yummy and a big hit with everyone.  Would definitely buy again.
I was starting to think that Snyder and I just didn't share the same idea about what's good in snack flavors. I have tried several of their other pretzel pieces flavors (Buffalo Wing and Honey Mustard) and was very disappointed. I have to say, that these Cheddar Cheese flavor pieces are not just good, but spectacularly good! They have a very rich, buttery cheese flavor with pleasant yeasty aftertaste. These are totally addictive. It's very easy to munch through the entire large bag in one setting.
Very tasty cheese flavor. Because of crunch and small pieces (of mixed size), it goes a long way without adding too many calories. A good buy. Walt B., Apple Valley
My husband is a pretzel lover and has become addicted to these. I don't see the draw, being firmly in the potato chip camp myself, but to each his own. Our local stores only stock these occasionally, so he has tried all the other flavors, and while he does like the jalapeno, they don't like him back. It's nice to be able to buy them here and not have to run all over town looking for them.
My daughter loves these snacks and can't get them in China where she is working now so I ordered them for her. Very satisfied and she was very appreciative.
When we get very busy in our home, I like this sausage a lot for quick meal options. The flavor is a bit sweet, and works well with lots of types of vegetables. Usually I'll slice it lengthwise and saute it until done, then add sweet potatoes,potatoes and onions to the pan to make up a skillet. With a bit of cheese on top it's all the food groups in a one pan meal that my family enjoys. Mac and cheese with peas and sausage mixed in is another option that my daughter is crazy for. For that I cut the sausage into coins and cook it up, then make up the homemade mac and cheese as usual, add frozen peas and the sausage and finish cooking. The sweetness of the sausage with the salty of the cheese is good and it's just so easy to make.
I use these to keep my finicky toddler's protein levels up. What's great, is that they're delicious just about any way you can imagine cooking a sausage!<br /><br />A favorite Recipe: Sautee one large onion, about a tablespoon each dried basil and oregano, and some salt and pepper in about 2T of butter. Add sausage, that's been cut into coins, and russet potatoes cut into 1/4" thick rounds. Cover all with chicken stock and simmer until potatoes are soft but not dissolved. Throw in a few handfuls of pre-washed baby spinach (I usually use about a half a pound, and frozen would work fine, just put it in a minute earlier). Stir until the spinach is cooked, and then serve! Enjoy!
Having recently purchased a single cup coffee maker, we discovered Green Mountain and their delicious varieties of coffee.  I love the Island Coconut flavor so much it is now a staple in our household with all other flavors taking a 2nd seat.  The roast of the coffee is wonderful and really lets the coconut shine through.  Try it with a little Chocolate Coffee Mate Creamer and you'll swear you were having a decadent treat straight from the Islands...  YUM!!!
The Best smooth tasting new coffee we have had since we have been to the Islands,all good as ice coffee.
If you're looking for a very light, refreshing coffee, this one is for you.  Nice Coconut flavor without any bitterness.  May be too light for some people.
I became addicted to eating these the first time I tasted them which was years ago. Once you eat one, you just can't stop until they're gone. They aren't too sweet and make the perfect snack. I love these things!!!
My synagogue's Passover Care Package had some of these candies in it, and WOW are they good!  Americans have little exposure to sesame seeds except atop a burger bun.  Time to taste these nutty little wonders!  Individually wrapped to keep them fresh and slow you down (grins).  Better than peanut brittle any day!  And these are kosher for passover!
This is amongst the best Karachi Halwa I have eaten. Not rubbery or super chewy like a lot of the other ones...just perfect.. individually wrapped pieces in the box.
I'm allergic to wheat so i have few options for pasta.  Corn pasta has a grainy texture that i don't care for, quinoa pasta is the same and rice pasta has a tendency to stick together.  This Orgran pasta is PERFECT.  I think i even overcooked it a bit and it still held it's shape(s) (farm animals!) and it was delicious.  My husband also agreed that it was really good.  The calorie count seems a little lower than other pastas as well.  i will continue to order this product as long as Amazon carries it!  It's GRRRRRRRREAT!
My celiac daughter loves the gluten free animal pasta.  It is by far her favorite.  We make macaroni and cheese with it and she asks for it several times a week and takes the leftovers to school for lunch the next day.  She loves that the pasta is animal shapes and different colors and the horse is her favorite.  A must have.
I ordered this pasta because I thought my children would love the animal shapes. Since I am the only GlutenFree in our home, I try to find FUN things for the entire family instead of making 2 separate meals. When I served this at dinner the other night, my husband's expression said it all! He followed his surprised look with "Now This is Pasta!" We could not believe how good this pasta was. We are now hooked! I can not wait to try some more of the OrgraN products.
I have to eat gluten free, but my family doesn't.  This is the only pasta so far that my kids can't see a real difference.  They like it a lot.  This is one I fix when I don't have time or energy to fix separate things for them and myself.  Because it tastes yummy for all of us.
I have a sweet tooth and so does my three year old son. This is a great after dinner dessert that I feel good about giving him and myself. They ARE healthy and you CAN taste the flax seed in them, but I have really grown to love that healthy taste and texture. I even come to crave it now. They are satisfying and filling and my whole family loves them. I buy them in bulk and love other Hodgson Mill products as well.<br /><br />  If you eat nothing but white flour products and can't get used to or absolutly hate whole grains and their taste and texture, then this is not the product for you. If you are the family that tries to make healthy choices and have healthier alternitives then this is a wonderful product. I still love to have my junk food (Pillsbury and Hershey's here I come!!!) I just try to have it only on very special occasions. The rest of the time I choose to nurish my body and satisfy my taste buds. That is when I reach for this brownie mix.<br /><br />  My only complaint is that they don't taste too great after only a couple days. So make up a batch, eat em' up quick (within 2 days) and you will be smiling!
Good, but I add a cup of whole wheat flour and a tsp. of baking powder along with a couple of TBSP. of Cocoa powder because I like brownies a little higher and more cake like.  They come yummy and with the added flour, they're not too sweet.
My kids love brownies, but I could no longer by the regular brands in the grocery store with a good conscious.  I still wanted the convenience of a mix, though.  These fit the bill.  They first time I made them, they thought they tasted "funny" because they were so used to the processed crap.  Now they eat them up and have gotten used to the flax taste.  I think they are YUMMY!<br />These are in no way low-calorie or low-fat though.  Instructions call for a lot of oil, eggs, and butter (you can use Earth Balance and egg replacer if you're vegan).  Flax seeds also have a good amount of fat (although the healthy kind). I've made them with olive oil before and they were just as good.  I've also added extra organic cocoa powder to make them extra chocolatey, but they really don't need it.  I love the chewy texture of the flax seeds.  There are very few ingredients, I could probably make the same brownies homemade, but it would be a pain to have to grind the flax seeds, etc.  These are easy and yummy.  Even though they are not necessarily "healthy" from a calorie and fat standpoint, I can feel good about giving my kids treats that aren't loaded with processed crap.
Add walnuts to this healthful Brownie and perhaps a light iceing.  Do not overback or it will be very dry.  Lots of good stuff in this Brownie,  but the flax taste is a little strong.  I really feel no guilt when having a Brownie snack for me or my kids.
I really like this brownie mix.  Unfortunately my local grocer has stopped carrying them - hence buying them from Amazon!!  They are easy to prepare and bake up very nicely.  Very moist and I think it has just the right amount of chocolate flavor.  Yes, they are healthy and are more dense than traditional brownies - but they fill my chocolate craving better and I really feel like I have eaten dessert - not just some fluff from a box.  [...]
I made these according to package directions, and added 1 cup of mini chocolate chips, and they were awesome!  They took longer to cook than the box says, maybe that's because of the chocolate chips.  Either way, they were great and I'll definitely make them again.
For quite a while, before Amazon starting retailing food items, it was nearly impossible to locate this healthy underground-favorite brownie mix. There were blogs and food sites bemoaning how hard it was to locate.  So when we saw it on Amazon we ordered a case and baked up batches for all our friends and family. The concensus was: it tastes healthier but, never the less, quite good. It is far better when prepared with at least a cup of mini-chocolate chips. (Not regular chips which can sink to the bottom.) We buy good quality Belgian chocolate minichips. This mix is a great alternative if you want less guilt in your guilty pleasures.
Of course they don't taste quite as good as "regular" brownies but hello?  That's because they're healthy!  And that being said, they are FANTASTIC!  Why eat crap when there are such good alternatives!?
If your not into healthy and into flax seed DO NOT buy these.  They are healthy and they taste like it!  I love them...they are very good.  My husband loved them too.  It's all a matter of taste.  If you're looking for a Dunkan Hines brownie these are not it.
We like this brownie mix and I usually use the low fat recipe on it. I also add chocolate chips or something else to it otherwise it ends up a little bit dry.<br /><br />We still buy this by the case.
These brownies are good, but the flax seed texture can be a real turn-off.  To minimize it, I added a little whole wheat flour, splenda and cocoa - BIG improvement and my guests never complained (like they did the first time I made the brownies!).
You CAN taste the flaxseed in these whole-wheat muffins and it's a great taste.  Good chocolate flavor and texture.  I add chopped walnuts.
If you are used to eating flaxseed, then this is the brownie for you.  Hodgson Mill brownies are super easy to make, and taste great.  Since I like dark chocolate, I usually add a little more cocoa.
I received all the ingredients in a timely manner. All the ingredients were nicely packed and remained fresh through the shipping stages. It was more than I needed for the meal I was making, so I had plenty of left over ingredients.
The produce was extremely fresh.  I made a delicious Thai soup with the items and had plenty to spare.
Exceptionally fresh quality and quantity and shipped much faster than expected. I was able to make great Tom Yum soup.  Thank you!<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000P151AI">Fresh Thai Produce Kit</a>
I first tried this tea at at French restaurant that had ran out of the usual black tea with mint. To my surprise this tea beats any tea (without milk).. no sugar needed. It is naturally sweetened!
Love this hot chocolate--nice creamy flavor.  The price is good and I love the single packs.  This is not a flavor available to me locally.
I love the chamomile tea. Its sweet and mild. Its excellent for a bed time tea.
With all herbal treatments it is important to understand that the earlier in ilness one will start using them the better.<br />I love to use herbal teas and find them very effective when used properly.
I don't know which herb is so tasty in here.. but it's a great combination.  I don't like licorice flavors, and this tea is great because I can reap the great benefits of licorice root, without tasting it!<br /><br />It really does help my symptoms, and drinking it for prevention has worked great for me as well.  And you cannot beat the shipping price (free with super saver shipping) with Amazon.
I always start my son on this tea when he starts a cold. He actually now asks for it. I prepare it and put it in a thermo for him to drink during the day at school. It works wonders when he starts drinking it right away when the symptoms are obvious. The throat does heal from this tea. If he starts it after the illness has taken full course, it still helps it sooth it a lot. My son loves it and I have recommended to other friends who now buy it all the time. Great effective results!!!
We just got our first order a few days ago, and my 10 month old daughter loves them! They're just like the Gerber mini veggies, but much cheaper. Although they still cost a good bit, having a nutrient filled, easy to take anywhere travel snack is well worth it. My daughter doesn't have any teeth yet, and she hasn't had any problems eating them. They're light and fluffy, yet full of flavor.
I don't know why my toddler is so crazy about these, but he is.  He was snacking on so many cheerios every day that I was desperate to find something else that he would like but wouldn't require refrigeration, and this saved the day.  I feel good about feeding him healthier snacks and he is positively in love with these!
My dog has heart failure and can't have the standard dog treats because of the salt. These are perfect- she likes to "hunt" for her snacks, and these are perfect to toss out to her, and let her go nuts.  She really likes them :)
These are a delicious guilt free snack that I always have handy. They are so convenient and last a long time. I also get the corn and mixed veggies which are also wonderful. You can get them at Whole Foods but not at this price.
We first tried this because our toddler went through a picky-eater phase. She loved these! They are crunchy and small enough for her to pick up. I love them because they are organic and a veggie that she actually asks for. I mainly give them to her right out the package but I've also mixed them into scrambled eggs, which she really likes too.
These taste great and have a great texture.<br /><br />Our 2-year-old has little interest in eating fresh vegetables, but she loves these.  She actually prefers these over goldfish crackers or other products of dubious nutritional value!  To me, that fact is worth the expense -- it is worth the cost to get her to eat vegetables.
We love this brand of freeze dried fruit and veggies.  They make it easy to have healthy on the go snacks for our 2 year old!
My 22-month old daughter has loved these ever since she started chewing her food.  They are tasty, healthy, and have zero additives.  On the downside, every few handfuls there is a pea that is as hard as a freaking ROCK.  I can barely crunch into it with my adult teeth, so I worry about what would happen if she really bites down on them with her baby teeth.  That being said, it's been months and nothing bad has happened...and it hasn't worried me enough to stop feeding her the peas, it's just something that I feel should be noted to those considering purchasing this otherwise excellent product.
Feel like a protein boost?  Got the nibbles?  Don't want to succumb to potato chips?  Here's a great alternative!  Just don't let your toddler try to open the package or your peas will be all over the floor making  for an expensive snack for the dog and a grumpy mommy.
I bought this for Christmas and gave a few away as gifts.  You get a bunch of boxes, but if you love bacon, there are a lot of uses for it!  I've made sour cream chip dip, cheese balls, added to mashed potatoes and mac & cheese, sprinkled on baked potatoes in place of bacon bits.  If you can dream it you can do it.<br /><br />The bacon flavor is not over powering, it is a subtle delicious taste.  I love Davis & Davis products and will be trying different varieties for sure.
Dogs love this product but it ends up too crumbly and hard to give to the dogs.  But it is really a great product.
For serious goat cheese lovers, this is a step up from the French goat cheese that you can buy at the grocery store. I had never had smoked goat cheese before and this was a revelation: the creamy, smooth, a little sour taste went fabulously well with the smoke flavor. I used it sprinkled over a tomato, bean and romaine salad and also spread on toast points topped with an apple-zucchini relish from the 101 cookbooks blog. Outstanding artisan cheese that I look forward to enjoying again.
If you like goat cheese and smoked cheeses you will love this.  It has a very smokey creamy flavor.  Try it spread on crackers with a little black truffle oil.
I have a history of mild/moderate acid reflux, so I take it easy with coffee. I was delighted to discover Puroast, which is a reduced acid coffee that is reasonably priced. The French Roast flavor is utterly delicious. It tastes like I went to a coffee house for fancy coffee, but it's just brewed in my drip coffee pot in my kitchen. (Even more convenient if my husband does it for me!) Try it - you won't be disappointed. The cinnamon flavor is also very, very good.
I haven't been able to drink coffee for over 5 years due to gastritis and indigestion with even a few drops of the stuff.  Coffee is my favorite and reaching desperation I gave Puroast a try.  This stuff is a miracle- not only am I symptom-free, it is good coffee.  I am so thankful to be able to have coffee back in my life!
I was delighted to discover this rich-tasting coffee, which has half the acid of regular brands. I served it to a guest with an acid reflux problem and she not only enjoyed the cuppa, she reported that she felt fine afterwards. This is a great coffee to have in your pantry for finick-y guests or to stock for discerning coffee-drinkers who find the taste of Starbucks and Dunkin' Donuts simply too harsh. Also loved the charming packaging.
This coffee is a great alternative for someone who has acid reflux and ulcer problems.  The low acid allows me to still have my caffine for the day.  Maybe not as smooth tasting as my usual blend, but I'm so thankful for it.  Really close in taste.
I've been using this "low acid" coffee for a few weeks now and along with the taste, I enjoy not having an "acid stomach", especially the "morning after".  To me, there is no difference in taste between it and regular coffee.<br /><br />I give it 5 stars.
I decided to try puroast over a year ago because of stomach problems and mouth swelling.  Puroast did the trick!  Plus it tastes great!  Couldn't be happier with it (although I wish they would bring the organic decaf back!)
My wife and I tried this product a few days ago. We were not disappointed. The coffee had a good flavor, and the low acid was a nice added benefit.
I didn't have high expectations that I would like this but I love coffee and have trouble with nausea from the acid. I am a Starbucks fan and while this was not as full bodied as that it was surprisingly good. Nice to not have the acid issues that come with coffee, this did not bother me at all or make me nauseous. I still prefer the taste of Starbucks houseblend but now I'm not sure the extra body is worth the acid. This is a good alternative that i found i liked better and better as i got use to it. Give it a try!
This is a great company.  And the first I have ever seen to offer a low acid option. You can absolutely taste the difference. It's coffee without the bitterness.  Makes it possible to enjoy the purity of the bean without the bitter taste. They also have very cool black mugs.  Love them!
I use this in my breadmaker but make it with warm milk and an additional egg, which greatly improves the texture. When made with just water and a small amount of butter, the crust comes out very, very chewy in my breadmachine. I have also made this bread and used carrot juice in place of the water, which makes it a beautiful color and naturally sweet.
I have tried many bread machine mixes and most have been okay but this one rates an "excellent" because not only is it a very good basic loaf, it also works very well with additives, either prepared entirely in the bread machine, or (after the second rise) removed from the machine, shaped and baked on a stone in the oven.<br />Stretched and flattened with a filling of either savory or sweet ingredients, then rolled and set to rise and then bake in a loaf pan, it produced excellent herb and onion bread, cinnamon raisin bread and a brown butter and seed bread.<br />I buy it via the subscribe-and-save plan as I use it often.
I love fresh bread and Hodgson brand is awesome. i usually just use the dough cycle on my bread machine and then form the dough in buns and stickss so i can easily take them on to go. even if the brand is not organic all the ingredients are natural and processed without chemicals. but most of all they taste great. all it requires is some water and shortening(butter, or oil). i have even been able to use applesauce instead of oil but it didnt get as rich taste. I have ordered all varieties they had on amazon, whole wheat honey is specially tasty. no more supermarket bread!
I must admit when I first ordered this bread for my new Panasonic bread maker, I was not expecting anything other than potato bread such as I buy at a nearby store. However, was I ever surprised! It was absolutely the best stuff and with some organic butter piled high and properly melted it was on a par with ambrosia. I just could not believe how good it was and is. Since the first loaf, I have made other breads which have been generally excellent but none are quite at the level of this potato bread. It is REALLY good! Perhaps the credit goes to my new bread machine! Highly recommended!!!  GENERAL INFO: The package makes a 1.5 pound loaf. On my machine the recommended setting is BASIC and the loaf bakes in 4 hours. Also, the flour is NON GMO Verified as labelled.
Since I started making Hodgson Wholesome Potato bread, my husband will not eat store bought bread anymore!  We make about two loaves a week, in different varieties of the Hodgson Mill brand.  The honey whole wheat and white bread mixes are also great.<br />I like using my old bread machine to make the dough, then shape into loaf and bake in the oven.  Makes perfect loaf every time, also makes delicious rolls.<br />Glad I discovered this brand of bread mixes on Amazon--they are wholesome, and I know what I'm putting into the bread I bake now.  Great product!
i used extra yeast and a little more water and it came out very light with a heard crust, which i like. i will order it again. not much of a potato taste but good bread
I recently purchased a bread machine and I tried  this potato bread mix.  I have made it three times now and it has come out amazing each and every time.  The other great thing about this particular mix is that I have experimented with altering the amount of Butter ( in the last batch I actually doubled the butter amount but then added less water) and it came out buttery and yuuuummmmmmyyyy!!<br /><br />I encourage everyone who has a bread machine to try this particular mix.
I am so totally satisfied by Hodgson Mill products & I probably have purchased > 100 loaves at this point.  I used some as a present to my brother with good results, too.<br /><br />Never have I seen "old" smelling mix nor have I ever had a yeast failure.  Their taste & texture is wonderful. Never have I had a "slicing failure" where you can't get a slice to hold together long enough to lay it down. The different types lend themselves well to adding ingredients such as Chopped Nuts or Sesame Seeds or Millet Seed or - - use your own imagination.  Coming in nice units of 6 loaves makes pantry storage easy, and once opened, the carton yields 6 boxes with "Best By" dates easily accessible on each so rotating your shelf stock is almost "goof-proofed".<br /><br />Next time you walk a grocery store, note the prices there! Here again, I think you really can't beat the quality with a really fair price that Hodgson provides.  It seems to me that they have expended great effort to have the best product they can produce & the best shipping available for their customers.<br /><br />Buy with great confidence based on my experiences with them during the last 2-3 years.  I hope this helps decision making.
UPDATED: 12-02-2010 - Finally have found a perfect 'match' in taste to my IRISH grandmother's potato bread. Loaf pictured w/dill added. Very Tasty -<br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000FDKQCY">Hodgson Mill Wholesome Potato Bread Mix, 16-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 6)</a><br /><br />Since now in the 20's and low teens wind chill - these 18 boxes will be used often.<br /><br />The picture shows this loaf made in older breadmaker - crust set dark for Croutons and stuffing, as well as Fine Bread crumbs for Mac 'n Cheese Buttered toppings.<br /><br />***********************************************************************<br />Have been using Hodgson's Mill* products for years.  Ordered 3 sets of 6 boxed for breadmaker but intend to 'kick up' the taste w/crushed in oil garlic/dill/ cinnamon-raisins/whole cranberries/and whatever else takes our fancy for dinner meals or great homemade soup 'dunkin' - One can make any type roll or breadstick they choose. Also going to try as 'flat breads'<br /><br />Honey Wheat on the way - 2 sets delivered an hour ago - Potato and Caraway Rye<br />Now to make a choice which will come first.
I love this bread.  I don't even like the smell of commercial bread; you can smell the chemicals from miles.  I added rosemary, garlic and olive oil to the mix and serve it just out of the machine; it was a hit with my dinner guests.
This was great - so soft, so tasty.  Better than expected.  Perfect loaf every time.
I have tried a few of this brand of bread mix in my bread machine and while all have been good I must say to my family and I that this is the best! I have made potato bread from scratch in my bread machine and this is right up there with that. Nice flavor, great texture, well worth the price! I have bought this a few times on Amazon and will continue to do so!
I am extremely satisfied with both Hodgson Mill Bread Mixes that I purchased online.  The potato bread mix actually rose and stuck to the top of my bread making machine and became entangled in the mixing blade, so it was difficult to remove.  Otherwise, the bread tasted great!!  The Rye bread was also delicious.  It didn'nt rise as much, and I had no trouble removing it from the bread machine.  The rye loaf was much denser than the potato bread loaf.<br /><br />The only drawback to purchasing these products online was the shipping costs.  I have since found out that I can purchase the same brand products at HEB and Kroger grocery stores, and will not order online, again.
I just got my Bread Machine for Christmas, so being a novice I thought I would try to Keep It Simple :)  The Hodgson Mill Products are wonderful.  Everything is included even the yeast.  The Bread came out delicious, it was easy to slice.  It is like eating a country white bread not soft n mushy like traditional white bread.  My family enjoyed this it makes great toast as well. If you try this I think you will be happy with it
This is a fantastic bread mix. I do not use the bread machine, I make it in a bowl, hand made, and have had no problems at all. I do not know why people are having any problems with this. It is terrific. Amazon, please keep this in stock. Please.
I like this bread, and several other flavors in this brand.  This one and the seven grain are my favorites.  They bake consistently well in my Wolfgang Puck machine.  Recommended!
This product is as good as any that I have ever used and is so convenient through Amazon as it has become hard to find in the stores.
I love these bread mixes. There is nothing like making your own bread. I admit I use a bread maker - not clever enough to use my hands- but I still enjoy the experience. I have tried 2 different Hodgson mixes and they are both excellent.
The potato bread was easy to mix, rises well in my breadmaker, cooks as it should and best of all was very tasty. The bread has a near white bread texture, and was very good. I purchased all of the Hodgson mixes and this was one of my favorites.
I recently tried this line of breads on vacation and loved the one we tried. I couldn't find the European Cheese & Herb flavor that we had locally so I went to order from Amazon.com. As happens from time to time the seller was out of that flavor so I picked up the Potato Bread instead and it was also very good.  I still need to get the Cheese & Herb because that one was awesome.
This is delicious bread and I can quickly make up loaves of bread to eat or give away for a special gift.
My family and I all agree that Hodgson Mill Potato Bread is one of the best mixes on the market.  A loaf of this bread lasts about two hours before it is gone.  It has become a favorite of ours, and we will be making lots.  Don't run out of this one!
To the gentleman who reviewed this and said "just go to the store and get better," well, I'm disabled and the disability van only allows us two packages to carry...can you see me carrying two big cases of water home?  I think not.<br /><br />This is wonderful water.  Sure, you could get it on sale at a better price, and if you can drive or have someone to drive you and carry it in, please do so, but for me it is a sweet deal.  I ordered six cases and watched the UPS guy set them inside the door for me.  I have nothing to complain about.  If the price is right for you, with all considered, you won't go wrong here.
This water is delicious. I'm not picky, but I can taste bad water with chemicals or metal taste and this has none of that. And at 50 cents per bottle, delivered to your door, it's a great price. I have a teenage son and he drinks these all the time and it's a-okay with me. Better than drinking a coke.
I continue to buy this water (as well as the larger size bottle) for a number of reasons:<br />1) The taste of the water is just plain good, refreshing, crisp and clean - it's not easy describing water that doesn't actually offend!<br />2) Our filtered municipal water still sucks and this is an excellent alternative for someone with health issues<br />3) The UPS guy does all the heavy work for me - all I have to do is put it away<br />4) I never have to run out of bottled water by availing of the discounted subscribe and save program<br />If I had any complaint at all it would be that the plastic bottle itself is quite heavy and can be a real pain in your backpack.<br />Bottom line for me, the taste and convenience are worth the price and I'll continue to buy it as long as my budget allows.**UPDATED note** I've been drinking this water for four months now and had an interesting experience that bears sharing: my local Kroger had Ozarka Spring Water on sale so I picked up a case - wow was that ever a mistake. Even though the Ozarka bottles are very light weight, the taste of the water is so different from TalkingRain Spring Water in that there is a distinct "plasticy" flavor. I've alway enjoyed the Ozarka in the past but had no idea I was settling for drinking "plastic" water...my goodness how my taste buds and senses have changed since drinking the pure goodness on TalkingRain Spring Water...I am totally convinced it is worth the extra cost now.
I am a chemist, so I know about water, and why it can taste like heaven (e.g. it is tasteless), and why it can taste like sweat (e.g. "mineral-enhanced."). This water is expensive - cheap for online, but costly if you are a Walmart or Target shopper. However, I highly recommend you try this, if you want tasteless water. You see, when water is mineral enhanced, and its swirling around through the various protrusions and undulations the road provides in the summer heat, the water tends to build a certain taste, which some like, and others don't. I like my water tasteless. Therefore I recommend this product to those whom do not want H2O + minerals, but just plain water.
This was my first purchase of this water.  It tastes great and the bottles are thicker than most.  Also, everyone likes that name...haha
Water tastes good. I typically prefer only purified water (did a study on this in grad school back in the day) but for use at the office, this fills the bill. I think it tastes good and looks presentable.<br /><br />Bottles are (of course) recyclable, so I don't feel guilty saying I like the quality of the bottle as well. I once had someone pickup water, and they got a chain grocer brand at a steal - but the bottle was so flimsy. I don't like that one bit. This is the best of both worlds.<br /><br />Shipment arrived fully intact for me.
Always glad to see this water delivered to our doorstep. Not a drop of it spilled during delivery yet, due to  nice quality of  bottles.<br />Even though the delivery box itself has arrived bashed in, with the tape flopping, - must say the shrink wrapping has held, and the bottles themselves haven't spilled a drop of the water.<br />  We're on our third case of  it right now, and very happy with this purchase.  The water tastes good and the bottles hold their shape.<br /><br /> About weight  of these bottles commented upon in another review... I thought the comment was interesting and it reminded me that yes, I do drive a few bottles to work in the car, I don't backpack them.  Not a really obvious difference in weight, though, I think. Maybe necessary for shipping?<br /><br />  Guess it's like choosing sleeping bags...if you are using a vehicle, you can  use a heavier sleeping bag, so they tell me.<br /> Anyway, I think you'll like this water, and you get 30 bottles per case, instead of the usual 24.<br />We plan to order more.  We're glad we can do this.
This water is really good!!!!!  It is reasonably priced!!!  It is mountain spring water!!!  Please order at least once, you will not regret it.  It is priced right.  You get 30qt---16.9 ounce bottles for a great price.  Use your standard shipping 5 to 8 days (i think) free shipping.  That way, you can buy more product.  Be aware, that this is very popular product and sometimes, Amazon is out of stock.  So, you may have to wait 2 or 3 weeks.  BUT, it is worth the wait.  It is a great product!!!!
i thot i was satisfied with the spring water i have bought elsewhere UNTIL i bought this brand! best i have ever tasted. no chemical aftertaste.  i have 2 cases a month delivered since i also use it for all cooking needs and ice cubes too. it is soooooo delicious when making a glass of lemonade from fresh lemons with the aforementioned cubes with agave sweetener. mercy! as others have stated, the ups man does all the hard work and i don't have to worry about running out of the most important staple in my household.
I bought this water for my 2 pet chinchillas, Tank and Tony. They love this water. I have never seen them drink so much in their lives! I bought this water because chinchillas cannot drink tap water, and Spring Water is the best for them.<br />I am mad though, because I purchased this item ~1 week ago and now it's $5 cheaper. Wtf?<br />Overall, I love this item. Great water.<br />I tasted it for myself, and it does taste great!
Love this water.  Feels silky smooth and clean when you drink it.  Really love the bottles.  Nice and sturdy.  No squishy plastic.  And since I had hard time buying and carrying from the grocery store, love the automatic delivery to my back door!  A little more money than store brands, but well worth it.
I enjoyed this water.  It was very refreshing.  I find I have some stomach sensitivity with some bottled waters.  I did not have that problem with this water.  Nice bottles.  Water comes from Washington.
Though this coffee was expensive compared to regular store-bought, I am a huge fan. Coffee usually tears up my stomach so I've been a tea drinker for years, but this coffee has a low-acidic level so I can handle it. The aroma is enticing and the bag lasted a long time. I am a fan of beans versus grounds so that was another plus. It was prompt and the packaging ensured my coffee stayed fresh and intact.
I tried this milk chocolate with hazelnuts for the first time recently after reading a review that this brand was the best chocolate in the world. I had to try it and it was worth every penny. I am a dark chocolate fan normally (70% is my favorite) but I have to say I would order this again and give it as a gift. It melted like butter in my mouth and was beyond delightful.
I bought this juice because I really like mangoes. It is great refreshing and smooth beverage that everybody in our family enjoy. Will buy again.
These are great spices to use on all food types giving a great flavor.  The bottle sizes are twice the size of that found in a supermarket and about the same price.  So you get more of what you would normally pay for.
These are, without question, the best "diet" crackers I've ever had.  I've had them with and without salt and since I usually put peanut butter on them, I didn't need the salt.<br /><br />These are great for travel, for kids, and when you just need a very low-calorie cracker.
I am not sure why the 2 speciality stores in my area stopped carrying these as they were usually sold out. The cakes are 18 calories, crunchy and good--not like the cardboard taste of thicker rice cakes. Excellent as a base for PB&J, or to make an open face sandwich, or to use in pieces like a chip for dips, etc. Good price on the 12 pack with a 10 month expiration use date.
These stay together better than round ones, which crumble terribly. They are good alone, or with my favorite Artisana Raw Sesame Butter. They are very well packaged which keeps them from getting broken. Also, each package I have opened has been fresh. Thanks for a great product Amazon!
I love this product! So much better than the regular thick rice cakes. They are thin, but very compact, so I use them as a great sandwich bread alternative. They don't break apart quick as easily as the regular rice cakes. I've searched the grocery and health food stores in my area and can't find this product anywhere. I love that they are now available for Subscription through Amazon.com.
These brown rice cakes are by far the best, I have tried many. I can not have very many foods. These are my only snack food that I can have. They are so good I dont feel like I am missing anything.
I waited long and with bated breath for Amazon to restock the bulk packaging for this product, as European-style rice cakes are a pretty specific niche, and they can be a bit difficult to find at local stores (not to mention expensive). These are a very different beast from the American-style rice cakes that most people associate with the name--as other reviews suggest, these aren't quite so air-filled or crumbly, having more the density and thickness of a cracker or crisp flatbread. But unlike those, these are gluten-free, oil-free, unsalted, and contain only one ingredient: 100% puffed brown rice. They've got a nice light crunch that makes them good for snacking, but they're a lot healthier than chips or crackers, and the brown rice is definitely preferable to a more processed white rice cake if you're mindful of blood sugar impact. They're also great for the occasional mild tummy upset, since they're light and bland and don't require the preparation of other bland foods.<br /><br />Try them with hummus! My personal favorite: peanut butter, jam, and a sprinkling of chia seeds. Yum!
I am so happy that Amazon got these back in so I could order my second case. I don't eat wheat, it packs the pounds on me around my middle. Most breads have wheat or if they are gluten free, they cost way too much.<br /><br />I have eaten all kinds of rice cakes. I have found that most will break apart if you're spreading a nut butter on them. Not these! Also there are generally 13 rice cakes in a pkg of round regular rice cakes... this package of rice cakes has 27 pieces in each bag. Also, it's much like consuming a slice of bread without the crusts and they are nice and thin so you don't eat too much of a good thing.<br /><br />Try these if you're dissatisfied with regular rice cakes or if you must have gluten free bread!! I don't believe you will be sorry and Amazon's price is so good and FREE shipping... though the box is sort of big, it's pretty light and stores easily away. I live alone and I'm on my next to last pkg from my first case and they are not at all stale. I stored them in my cool dark garage in their original cardboard box.<br /><br />Also they are made in Belgium if that helps anyone. The packaging is air tight and they come 12 pkgs in a box and are in the perfect sized box, and mine arrived without a sign of any damage and I have yet to find even a single cracked rice cake! They are rather neutral in their taste... I make a special butter spread that I like on them real well. You take equal parts of room temperature butter, olive oil and water and blend ingredients until smooth. You can refrigerate this, it sets up but doesn't get hard so it is always spreadable and tastes really good! I use organic butter, olive oil and filtered water, but you don't have. This spread is so good and I believe it's better for you than straight butter.<br /><br />Also, I only use one cake to make a single sided sandwich, as with any rice cake using two as you would two pieces of bread just doesn't seem to work as well. But a single sided sandwhich with these rice cakes is very enjoyable!<br /><br />Hope this helps you decide to try them. Everyone I've given some to, have had only good comments about them.
Surprisingly tasty. Thin and crip. Very Cracker like and good for snacking. I got these for my husband who is on a very low sodium diet. These are great for when we travel.  It isn't easy finding prepackaged low sodium foods that taste good, but these work quite well.
Crisp/crunchy and thin- very low in sodium. I usually prefer mine plain but shared a package with a friend who enjoyed these with a tuna salad topping. A great alternative to the expensive styrofoam varieties sold at most stores. Excellent product. The rice cakes for this brand are also wonderful and for those on a no salt diet, 0% sodium.
These crackers are great--the beauty is not in their own flavor, but the fact that they are a perfect, crispy, low calorie, gluten-free delivery mechanism for all manner of spreads and slices.  They don't come with over-powering artificial flavorings to compete with a topping of your choice.  Some of my favorites are...peanut butter and banana or laughing cow cheese with turkey pepperoni.
I live on salt and as a result have hypertension. These products work surprisingly fast to lower your high blood pressure and to put it as nice as possible, keep you alive longer. And, that is a scientific fact, as salt is only a habit and has no real useful pupose except to cause many unhealthy habits and conditions. Keep caring about us and don't stop producing foods that are very healthy.
These are not only a good value (health food stores really jack up the prices on rice cakes!) but also are nicely thin and easy to use to spread stuff on.
I was able to do so much with these crackers!  they're easy to spread on and stack and put toppings on!  I definitely enjoyed them and so did all my friends =D
Susie's thin cakes are a great snack if you are trying to lose weight or just eat healthy. I bought the one that is sodium, cholesterol, fat and sugar free. For three cakes it is only 54 calories, so you can add a toppin like taboule or your favorite topping without the guilt. They are very tasty. The only problem is the availability of the product. I am on a waiting list with Amazon for this product.
I purchased these based on others recommendations. The rice cakes are delicious. Thinner than the usual rice cakes in the supermarkets. Dense...not full of air. I covered them with PB2 (those watching their weight can eat peanut butter for 45 calories a serving vs 190 for regular PB and it tastes exactly the same). I too highly recommend these rice cakes.
Brew it correctly and you really get a beautiful cup of tea.  I highly recommend this brand.  It is by far the best bagged green tea I have found, and I have tried about all of them.  I brew one bag in a 12 oz mug for 2 minutes.  Absolutely perfect.
If you like green tea that brews for 2 minutes max and you do not "stew" your tea by just leaving the bag in until the tea is bitter, this is the tea for you! Of course, it can be done that way, but IF you have refined tea taste, then you will like this tea. I, personally, love the taste of a good green tea. I am so glad to find this brand available online. No one sells it in my area.
I have tried many different brands of green tea, and this one is, by far, the best one that I have ever tried! The taste is so delicious and each tea bag is tightly sealed in its own special packet, which keeps it totally fresh until you use it. Even the strings are totally natural, with no metal at all, which can affect the taste of the tea. This is my new favorite tea, and I am so glad that I discovered it!
I used to get these from Sam's Wholesale Club, but with this economy, I have not renewed my membership .. so long story short, I bought BumbleBee canned clams and they were HORRIBLE .. so then I bought Geisha Baby Clams and they were not as horrible, but I certainly would not put them in MY clam chowder, so I returned all the unopened cans of BumbleBee and Geisha and am never ever gonna buy them again ... oh, you go right ahead and try those other brands if you don't mind eating POOP .. 'cause that's about all you get .. Clam Juice, and Clam Poop.  Doxee Snow's Clams are ALL CLAMS and CLAM JUICE no clam poop.
This is the mother load of canned clams. Not just a can of juice with a few floaters, but cups and cups of chopped clams. I found no sand residuals,and I was able to use every last drop of juices.Simply devine recipe on the can, best white clam sauce I've ever made...
I guess I thought of this can as being the usual commercial #10 can, so the Price of about $16 a can did not seem too bad, but when they arrived I saw that these were somewhat smaller.  They are less than a half gallon.  I don't see the size as that much of a problem. All I have to do is rethink how I would use it in a recipe and free shipping helped with feeling better about the purchase, but if I saw that size can in a store I would not pay $16.00 for 51 oz. can.<br /><br />I would have to see what fresh clams would cost first.  I would like if they made the clams bigger chunks, but I could buy some fresh to add to it.  Most clam chowder is made with bigger chunks than what Snow makes.<br /><br />Good product despite the price!
Not much to say. I ordered two large cans of "Chopped Clams" for some clam chowder that I will be making soon and they arrived in good condition and in a timely manner.<br /><br /> I have not opened them yet but will in February at my boss's home in the country. I will be making clam chowder in his kitchen with his wife's blessings. There will be a small group of us there and we will be shooting guns as part of the day's activities. I hope they like the clam chowder! Things could get ugly... L.O.L.
These are great beans for the price. If you live in a big city, however, I'd suggest buying green beans at a local Ethiopian shop or even a community Coop. I also remember a Pea berry out of East Timor that was outstanding, but this Tanzanian Pea berry is comparable to standard beans.
We have been using this food for about 6 months now and find it to be just excellent! Other than the fact our two dogs (a Coton de Tulear 15lbs, and Standard Poodle puppy 40lbs) both love the food, but are thriving.  Their coats are in excellent condition and their overall structure is perfect.  Good tasting to the dog and good for them and a good deal for the owner.  All around the best food we have ever used.  Excellent!!!
I'm glad my 45lb cocker/standard poodle puppy loves the stuff because I trust the brand and its superior nutrition. Compare labels! My previous feed (Pedigree) was mostly corn. My little dude is healthy and happy and high energy and has a glossy coat. Also, superior nutrition produces smaller, compact stools.
I received the K-cups on time and in execellant condition. I usually drink coffee, but at night the Hot cocoa is good with a snack, just before bed.
This is the best hot cocoa I've had in a K-Cup!  The taste is smooth and creamy.  It's perfect for a cold morning or an evening hot drink.  I would definitely recommend this product.  The best part is that it can be ordered on auto delivery so I never run out.
I'm pregnant and had to,give up my hot cup of coffee. I thought maybe a hot cup of this will suffice? Sure does! Throw the kcup,in- and this is the best hot choc ever! I choke down my vitamins with it too! Worth it and so cheap here!
This is quite the buy compared to other hot chocolates. The kids love it quick and easy.I will order this hot chocolate again.
Kids loved it. Great product at a great price.  My little one can make her own hot cocoa without my assistance.
The hot chocolate is my husband's favorite.  Service was also great, as it usually is.  Very popular now with winter coming on.
I like the rich dark smooth taste of the Grove Square cocoa. It is the best I have found in K-cups and I have been on auto delivery for at least a few months now. Delicious!
Excellent coffee for people on a tight schedule. My Fiancee fell in love with my brother in law's and had to have one! Now, everyone that visits our house has to try a cup and keeps coming back for more. Also like the fact that there's a wide variety of coffee flavors to choose from.
The kids love the hot cocoa and I like the fact that I can get the stuff shipped to me when I need it without worry of order.
This was the best purchase that I could have made for my daughter. It was priced beautifully and my daughter can study without worrying about the price for her college books. Thanks so much!!
AS  A CHOCOHOLIC FOR  MANY YEARS I CRAVE A GOOD CUP OF HOT CHOCOLATE.  THIS DONE IN THE KEURIG IS REALLY EASY AND FAST.  THE MILLK CHOCOLATE<br />IS TASTY AND THE DARK CHOCOLATE TASTES LIKE THE MANY CUPS OF COCOA I HAD AS A CHILD.  NOT PARTICULARLY CARRIED AWAY BY THE  PEPPERMINT<br />FLAVOR BUT IT WAS NOT STRONG ENOUGH  TO MATTER.
My family loves all three flavors. The dark chocolate is my favorite.  The price was unbeatable.  I will buy this product again.
It tastes good and is little sweet so my first thought was that it had a lot of sugar.  I looked on the box and was surprised that it did not have that much. (a plus for me)
This is the best Hot Cocoa product I have found for the Keurig K-cup Brewer. The others I have tried do not have the test or alot of the product remains in the cup.
They have some really good hot chocolate. I got a single pack before and it was so good that I reordered some more. I like to make a mocha by brewing one of these and then one coffee (use a big cup).<br /><br />One thing to note: these dont have a strainer inside, the entire contents are meant to be used (unlike the coffee Kcups) so it will feel empty once done. I would not recommend brewing on the smaller cup settings. Use a standard mug or larger because the smaller settings wont get all the chocolate from the inside to come out.<br /><br />Also, kids may not like the peppermint flavor.... But that is my favorite one. If you don't want to get the variety pack, they sell the individual flavors too.
I brew the 8 oz cups, 10 and 12 makes it too thin. It's good at that point but adding some creamer, whipped cream, and or cinamin always improves it.
Husband and Grandaughter LOVE this cocoa... Make it for them all the time as I drink my coffee.. My husband is a very picky person but for some reason he really likes this one product and wants me to keep it in stock here at the house.. Loves it at night after dinner on cold evenings.
These k-cups are awesome.  They taste no different (Personally, I think better) than those which are priced three times as much!  I highly recommend this product!
I have purchased other hot cocoa cups but find Grove Square to be about the best of them all.  I usually add two teaspoons of the the flavored coffeemate creamers, my favorite being the Sugar Free Caramel Macchiato.  By adding the sugar free creamer the taste is there but not the calories.
The most chocolatey and smooth hot cocoa ever, Yum! It has the best price and taste for the Keurig K-Cup Brewer. Way better then at least 3 other peicer brands--we've tried different ones and this is the best and super super fast delivery. Thanks
Arrived quick and on-time, and what a great value! Definitely pleased with my purchase, and will likely buy again =)
Great option for excellent taste, price, and convenience. A repeat customer on these! We order these now in the 36 pack instead of getting at the grocery store.
Grove square Hot Cocoa is just the right amout of milk chocolate, not to much chocolate, just the right mixture. Delicious! I say a good cup of hot chocolate. Try Grove Square Hot Cocoa, Milk Chocolate K cups for Keurig Coffee Makers. Enjoy! I did.
this hot coca tastes pretty good when brewed on 8oz setting however its not the best I've ever tasted nor the worst. its hard to rate this because everyone has different tastes so its ether you like it or you don't. I my self happen to like it and will buy again unless I find something better.
This is a great buy.  I love this hot chocolate because it is very low in sugar and has a good taste.  It isn't messy like regular hot chocolate as it is all dissolved before it hits the cup.  Would buy again.
Yum!  All the convenience you expect with a K-Cup with all the flavor of real hot chocolate.  The kids love it, and so will you!
I really like the flavor of this hot chocolate.  The kids love the flavor too.  I always keep a box of this in the house as my kids and their friends are avid coco drinkers.  This makes it easier and less messy even for the younger ones.  No more powder spilled on the counter tops this way!
This is one of my wife's favorite. Grove Square has another great product to share with Kcup users.  Now we need some specials  to bring the price per unit down.
My husband and I both love this hot chocolate. We are on the auto shipment for every other month and we are going to have to change it to every month!
My family really enjoys Grove Square Hot Cocoa Milk Chocolate and we keep a supply on hand.  The excellent price is what made us choose this brand but the taste is what makes us continually renew our order.
I have tried several types of hot chocolate since purchasing my Keurig and this is by far the one I enjoy the most.  I have it shipped every month so that I don't worry about running out!!!
I liked the milk chocolate version, so tried this.  It is just as good, and with the more intense chocolate flavor, appeals to my chocolate desires.
After trying several brands of Hot Cocoa my kids have decided that this is the one for them.  I'm certainly happy about it because not only is it delicious, but it's also more affordable.  3 boys can consume a box of hot cocoa very quickly, even with limits set.  It's also very convenient to have it shipped automatically.  If we don't drink that much I simply skip a month.  If friends come over and we drink a lot, I just order an extra box.  It's quick, simple and delicious.
To everyone worried about not getting a full cup to run through your machine with these k-cups, here's the trick.  Put it in your machine, close the lid, open the lid, turn 90 degrees, close the lid and repeat two more times.  You should have closed the lid on the k-cup four times by now.  Next step is to hit the brew button.  The problem is the needle is too small to run the chocolate through.  With the extra three holes it all flows out very quick and turns out good.  Would have given them five stars if it was able to run through the needle like it is supposed to.  Could have been a little thicker overall, but not bad.
the greatest, best chocolate taste in any keurig k-cups out there. will definitely order more. everyone in the office tries to steal them. i'm a chocolate nut, and these pass the test.
I have tried different brands of hot cocoa from dark to milk and the Grove Square milk chocolate k-cups have by far been the best.  They're big critics in my family and they have given two thumbs up.  I would recommend anyone who enjoys hot cocoa to purchase this brand.
great product for keurig coffee maker. works fine with coffees and cocoa mixtures. Is good for just hot chocolate. like purchase price
I enjoy the selection and they have all met my expectations so far.  My sister wioll not try any favor but milk chocolate but I am glad I brought the variety pack anyway
This hot chocolate is much better than other k cup hot chocolates I have tried.  It is not watery.  I have tried both the milk and dark chocolate version and like them both.
So far Grove Square has the best hot chocolate K-cups.  We have tried a couple others but they don't compare.
When I was talking to a neighbor about getting a Keurig she told me not to get cocoa.  This was in a group of beverages that I got when I ordered my Keurig and I think it is very good.  It is rich, creamy, and exactly what I want when I want a cup of cocoa!  I would order this again.
This Hot chocolate is very good. It has just the right amount of milk chocolate flavor. The price is a very good deal and more than worth it!
I don't ven know why i ordered these, it was just on a whim. But what a surprise when I brewed myself some hot chocolate. The taste was unbelievable, just like homemade. Maybe a tad too sweet, but a tiny little bit of instant coffee added to it did the trick. Love it.
this item has an awesome chocolate flavor. i would recommend this product to anyone looking for hot chocolate for their keurig or any machine that uses k-cups. Great product
Ordered this in the colder weather and it was great in the morning. Very easy and fast to prepare in K-Cups.
The Grove Square Hot Coco K-Cups have a good flavor but I find that the k-cups do not have enough hot coco mix to make that perfect cup. Thus I recommend putting a little less water in order to make each cup just right.
After drinking Swiss Miss watered down hot chocolates taste for so long, this is a very tasty creamy hot chocolate. My kids love it so I tried it and its the best I had in a while. I will be ordering more.
A pleasant surprise awaited me when I first ordered Grove Square milk chocolate Hot Cocoa cups. Not a coffee drinker,<br />I use our Keurig K-cup brewer mostly to make cocoa, and a few other brands I tried simply did not hit the mark. Grove Square cocoa tasted full-flavored, with just enough chocolate essence to make it a perfect drink. The first experience made me anticipate (with pleasure) the next time I popped a Grove Square K-cup into the machine!
GROVE STREET HAS THE ABSOLUTE BEST HOT CHOCOLATE FOR THE KEURIG.  YOU SHOULD ALWAYS HAVE HOT CHOCOLATE AVAILABLE TO SOOTHE AWAY THE DAYS ANXIETIES!
My mom and son love the flavor of this hot chocolate. Add a little bit of milk afterwards and 1 splenda and the taste is amazing.
I was hesitant to try this cocoa after all the horrible reviews about how it tasted so bad, and had a really bad Sucralose flavor. I don't know if I'm just not as picky as others or what it is, but I thought this hot cocoa was really good. Creamy and rich, and almost TOO sweet. I don't think it has an "aftertaste" though, how some have described. I used the middle water setting on my Keurig or "small mug"...7.25 oz., I guess. Everyone has their own tastes and preferences, but as for me, I really like this product!
This is hands down the best tasting k-cup hot chocolate available.  The Cafe Escapes or whatever the brand name is tastes very watered down and artificial, while this one tastes thicker and milkier.  I love the dark chocolate flavor, although if I didn't know it wasn't dark I probably couldn't have told the difference between it and a regular cup of cocoa.  I will stick with the flavor just because it will probably be richer than the milk chocolate option.  These are such a hit at my house when the weather is cool.  Everyone always wants hot chocolate!<br /><br />Something to note on this is that these work much better when used with about 6 oz per k-cup.  I use 2 k-cups per mug and the flavor is much better than when I try one (too watery).
My grandson loves this.  He makes a cup everytime he stops over. It quick and easy and the taste is good.
As far as single serve cocoas go, this is one of the best.  I wouldn't say it's as good as some of the handmade ones, but it's still good!
nice variety pack. has 3 dofferent hot chocolates in one package. milk, dark and peppermint. nice holiday feel. good for company during the season.
We received this order in perfect condition. I purchased this product for my mother-in-law. She likes the convenience of the product in the Keurig Coffee Maker. The chocolate does not stick to the sides of the cup like the cheap hot chocolate in the paper bags. Overall it tastes pretty good. It is a little weak but good. Use only on the small cup setting in the Keurig. 4 stars.
I bought this because it was a very good price.  It was really good though.  I love mixing a peppermint with a dark chocolate and having a double sized up of hot cocoa.<br /><br />Will keep buying this until they don't sell it anymore. It is really creamy.  I like it best with 6 ounces of water, gives it a thicker feel.
I was disappointed by the fact that all three boxes I received had already expired.  Luckily enough, the flavors had not yet degraded.<br /><br />I specifically bought these in order to get the peppermint flavor.  I was hoping for more.  The peppermint hot chocolate does not have much peppermint flavor to it, but we will still enjoy it and both of the other flavors.
I keep this on hand for the young at heart.  We enjoy a cup almost every night.  Good taste.  will buy again.
This is delicious hot chocolate. It is best at 8 oz cup, but can be stretched to 10. And 8oz of strong coffee and you have delicious mocha
I've had many hot cocoa K-Cups and I must say this one is the best by far. The Green Mountain one has a half & half bitter aftertaste while the grove square is very pleasant and is as close as you can get without actually using milk.
I really like this hot chocolate mix.  I was concerned, when I read some of the reviews, that I would not like it but I like it alot.  To me it has just the right amount of chocolate and is not to sweet.  I would recommend this product.
The hot cocoa is delicious and is strong enough to make the larger size. I find all three flavors delicious with my favorite being the dark cocoa.  The best bang for the buck I have so far found for hot cocoa.  I tend to use my coffee maker for everything but coffee.
Very good hot chocolate.  I have tried a few different brands, and this one is the best I have tried.  Should be priced higher for the quality you get.
I've been buying this milk hot chocolate for months now and it's one of the best I've had.  I even got my in-laws hooked on it and my granddaughters absolutely love it!  Great price, great product!
Just what I was looking for tired of going to the store to pick these up and always being sold out! I love the flavor not so sweet and just right!! Thank you! and will be buying again!!
I was a little skeptical when I bought this, but it has really been a great purchase.  The cocoa is DELICIOUS!  It's so easy to just make my daughter and I some cocoa quickly before sitting down to watch a movie.  I didn't have to add anything to it, but I did add a tiny bit of milk just to cool it down.  I would definitely recommend this product and purchase it again.
I didn't read the reviews thoroughly and found out too late that this product has enough sugar to give it 60 calories and 11 grams of carbohydrate in each cup. I tried one with a bit of cream and found it to be very tasty. I'll keep it around for friends and family or perhaps an occasional mini-splurge. I'd like to see amazon include nutritional info in the future.
This is really tasty hot chocolate.  I like it much more than the dark chocolate flavor but that is just my preference...
Good value for the money. These are good. The hot cocoa is excellent however, don't get the coffee cuz its instant!
Not bad at all when I use CoffeeMate CHOCOLATE creamer.<br />I still like swiss mix made with 2% milk a little better.<br />But as far K-Cups go, this milk chocolate with the Coffeemate Chocolate Creamer is not bad.<br />And currently, it is less than $11.00 for 24 cups.
My boyfriend and I really like these k cups. We have tried others and they were kind of gross. These are the ones we will stick with. Can't go wrong.
This is a great hot cocoa as long as you read the box and only use the 8oz setting on your coffee make. Otherwise it will taste watered down. Also it is an instant coffee so dont be surprised by it.
A good cup of hot chocolate...with a couple of marshmellows.  Make it for my daughter every time she visits. She is nearly 60, and she loves it.
All three flavors have a nice aroma and rich chocolate taste. Peppermint is our favorite. We enjoy a cup after dinner 'flavored' with a bit of creme liquor nearly every night. It's become a tasty habit.
This item had a great price and tastes great. The only thing that could make this product better is if the little plastic cup was recyclable or compostable.
My husband and I really like this cocoa.  I add extra milk to my cup for a creamier flavor, but the convenience cannot be beat.
great deal, especially for the price. Item arrived quicker than anticipated. This has saved me many trips to Dunkin Doniuts as well as saving me paying double the price for a cup of hot chocolate that's just as good. Looking for more to stockpile!
Love them. Hardly notice any aftertaste from sweetener. I don't agree with some of the others that didn't like it...Will buy again...
Wow what a deal. These taste just as good as the expensive brands. Most definately will be buying these again.
I feel like I've tried every hot cocoa there is in the k-cups.  While I do think this is the best hot cocoa so far, it still isn't great.  I'm not sure what it is, but all of the cocoa k-cups seem to have a weird taste to them.  It's almost like there is artificial sweetener in them,, but I know there is not.<br />I set it on the smallest cup setting for cocoa.  This has more body to it than others.<br />I'm still waiting and hoping that Dunkin' Donuts will put out their hot cocoa in a k-cup.  There really is nothing better than that.<br />If you want a k-cup hot cocoa, I would def. recommend this over all the others.
These Grove Square Hot Cocoa flavors are by far the best tasting we have found for the Keurig. We took a chance on these due to the high review ratings and it was a pleasant surprise that all three flavors are really good.<br /><br />Dark Chocolate - My favorite, very good even on the "large" cup setting<br />Milk Chocolate - Excellent on the "small" cup and good on the "large" cup setting<br />Peppermint - Everyone likes this one, on either cup size setting<br /><br />These do contain Sucralose in addition to sugar, I don't notice the taste but my wife does (but she still likes them).<br /><br />Highly Recommended!<br /><br />CFH
Excellent product! A tip from the Keurig people: shake the K-cup before using it. This prevents the cocoa from clumping and results in more flavor.
I have read some really funny reviews about this product.  Some complain that there is noting left in the pod after it has filled the cup, so 'therefore' it must have been an instant mix!  Brilliant deduction, Sherlock!  What did you expect...to see choco-grounds in the cup?  Yes, it is no doubt cheaper to go some other route, that's why 4 instead of 5 stars.<br /><br />But the taste is what you want to know about, right?  The Dark Chocolate flavor is fairly robust with little 'grittyness' to it.  Plop a marshmallow in the cup before brewing and you'll have a real treat!  It comes out strong enough on either the 6 oz or 10 oz setting of the brewer.  Not surprisingly, the milk chocolate flavor is not as strong and a little smoother.  Marshmallow trick has a little different effect making the milk chocolate not only creamier and smoother but a little dilute too.  So, maybe a few mini-marshmallows instead of a full-sized one for this flavor.  Oh, and definitely go 6 oz cup.  My oldest granddaughter and I contest for the peppermint chocolate.  She wins, of course, but it's pretty good when I can get one.  No marshmallow needed.  The hint of peppermint is just enough.  6 oz cup on this one is the best way to go, too.<br /><br />I think I got the cups sizes right.  If I didn't, you'll figure it out.  Btw, I'd imagine the reason it's always out of stock is because people keep buying it!  I've dipped into the supply well a few times myself.  Pretty good. Pretty cheap. Pretty hard to get at times.  I'll buy it again!
Everyone in my family likes hot cocoa. I was running plain water through my k-cup maker and using hot cocoa from a canister but my kids didn't really get the right measurements and more often than not we would have overflow. So I decided to try this for my kids and it makes a perfect cup every time. No overflow. The taste is good, its creamy with enough cocoa to water ratio for my kids. I will be ordering this product from now on for my family.<br />In the interest of product comparison, we have ordered Timothy's white hot chocolate, and Green Mountain Hot cocoa, Timothy's was great, but pricy, and Green Mountain didn't really taste all that great to our family. It had a watered down taste to it.
When I weigh the convenience of a K cup against the price and the taste, I would characterize these as a winner. Not the best cup of cocoa on the planet but compared to making it yourself or using a packet, these are pretty darn good. They nice a nice chocolate flavor with no funny after taste that I've had with some other brands. Do not select 10 oz on your machine though. Make it only at 6 or 8 oz otherwise it will be watery in my opinion. All in all a fine cup of hot chocolate.
I am actually surprised at how good this product is. I am a Cuisinart Keurig owner with two teens that love to drink hot cocoa and cider pretty much year round.<br /><br />Price point: The price for these at the store ( exact brand ) is almost triple of what we pay here for the same amount, with subscribe and save this makes these quite affordable for my family use. In comparison to other more expensive brands it's a great bargain without sacrificing quality over quantity.<br /><br />Flavor wise: My kids love it, and have already asked me to purchase more. My daughter says that the peppermint is right on and not too weak even if using a larger cup. I love the dark chocolate in my coffee to make a mocha ( 10oz coffee to 4 oz chocolate ) and it's much better than some other brands that I have tried in the past.<br /><br />Overall impression:  Great value, good flavor, excellent price point I will be purchasing more.
Ordered on a whim.  My first "Grove Square" purchase.  Great for the family's occasional cocoa desire.  Being a K-Cup it's fast and easy.  Was a little worried the cocoa might leave some after taste in my coffee, so far so good.  Great cup of dark, rich cocoa.  Maybe could taste a LITTLE better if it was from a gourmet brand you mix yourself with steamed milk.  The ease and simplicity, and lack of clean up, make this a better option for me.  Will order again.  Nice to see it on subscribe and save.
My box of Grove Square Hot Cocoa arrived today and I've just tried it. Delicious. Made a big cup [by mistake] but I'm happy with the flavor and consistency.  No off tastes that I can discern.  A little disappointed at high sodium content. Nice to have as fall starts to chill.
OK - this is not the finest European chocolate.  BUT, you can make it in your Keurig and all 3 flavors taste good.  I've joined the "club" and get the lowest possible cost.  No charge to join and no effort to quit.  Why not?  It's nice to have when you're dieting, because it's just enough chocolate to keep you on track.  Non-dieters will like it for the convenience.
I've tried a few different Hot Cocoa brands for my Keurig... And have been disappointed EVERY time, until now! Cocoa brews smooth and full flavored-on either the small cup size or the medium! I add a splash of almond milk and I'm ready to go :) Perfect! I'll definitely buy this again.
I recieved a Keurig K-Cup Brewer for Christmas with sample cups of coffee and tea but no cocoa so I tried this brand and I like them but I haven't tried other brands yet to compare with. I would buy these again until I find one I like better.
I see a lot of complaints about Grove Square hot chocolate. I think it tastes ok considering it's a k-cup, not homemade and not gourmet. I don't have anything negative to say the company or the product, it's relatively inexpensive and the company didn't falsely advertise or make any promises about the taste.
I really like hot cocoa!  I like it sooo much that I have a Cocoa Latte machine, which is great, but sometimes I just want one cup of cocoa not a whole pitcher.  When that happens I used to put on the kettle and heat up the water, then pour in a packet of cocoa mix and stir, and stir, and stir.  And after all that stirring, I'd still get little lumps in my cocoa.  With the K-cups, I get smooth rich cocoa with NO lumps and NO clean-up.  Easy and yummy!<br /><br />Please note: THESE ARE NOT SUGAR-FREE.  The very first ingredient in each flavor is sugar and I did not see any artifical sugar listed in the ingredients.  Each cup has only 60 calories, but if you want sugar-free or are diabetic then this product is probably not for you.
Very good hot cocoa.  And price was right<br /><br />Awesome and passing the word on the item.  Will buy it again
The thing I like most about this brand of hot chocolate is that once I remove it from the keurig, it doesn't leak all over the place.  For some reason, all the hot chocolates I've purchased before leak all over when you remove them from the coffee pot.  My coffee doesn't do that so not sure why that is.  This is a great deal for the amount you get as well, and taste yummy!
I found this brand and the fact that it was dark chocolate made it by far the best I've had for my Keurig.  I will continue to order this particular brand.
I love these hot chocolates. I think they're way better than the cafe express hot chocolates. These and the Swiss Miss hot chocolate are my favorite K-Cups. And the price of these are the best I've been able to find. My girlfriend and I have already gone through about half of them in about two weeks, and I never used to drink much hot chocolate.<br />I recommend these
I really enjoy this hot chocolate with a little fat free half & half for creaminess. Being that I am not a coffee drinker these k cups offer a nice change from tea. The local stores sell this as well but it's half the amount of cups and almost the same price. Buy from Amazon.
I like to brew a k-cup cocoa into my coffee for a nice mocha.  This dark chocolate flavor is quite nice, especially mixed with Double Black Diamond coffee.  Though not the very best, it is good, and the price is right, compared to other brands.
Taste was decent, a little sugary, but very creamy otherwise. Very happy with this product. I will be buying this product again. Packaging interesting, as it's a giant box for the product to float around in until it delivers to your house.
Grove Square Hot Chocolate is the best K-cup hot chocolate. I read many reviews before making this purchase, and now I agree, and will continue to buy this brand.
My kids have been begging for hot cocoa k-cups and when I found these so reasonably priced I decided to give them a try.  We all loved them.
All three tastes rich and chocolaty, not chalky at all. We were surprised how good they are, better than any other K-cup cocoa we've tried.
This brand is by far the best K cup hot cocoa not that that says much, but it is thicker and less disgusting than the rest.
You can't beat this deal! 3 Boxes of 16 K-Cups for little more then $20. No other store can even match that price for Hot Chocolate K-Cups. Your normally going to be paying around $12-$16 for 16 K-cups alone. This package give you 48 K-Cups for a great price.<br /><br />The Hot Chocolate itself is great tasting and can be used on mostly all settings for the B70 except for the travel mug. Low in calories and great tasting. Defiantly a must have if you own a Keurig brewing system!
Not too sweet.  The best K-cup hot chocolate I've tried thus far. The kids loved drinking and making the hot chocolate.
Grove Square is the best k-cup hot cocoa I've tried.  And I've tried a number of the other brands.  This tastes like "real" cocoa used to taste. And if you add a little milk it's even better. It's so hot from the Keurig that the milk helps cool it down anyway. If your looking for a real chocolate-ly flavor give this a try.
Best hot chocolate available for K-cups. Best taste, after taste. Great in any size when brewed. Highly recommend over any other company.
Of the few Hot Cocoa flavors we've tried, this is the best so far.  It has the richest flavor and I dont notice the artificial taste that others have commented on.  Its also very affordable compared to other k-cups right now.  I thought that the k-cup making process must have gotten more expensive over the last year, but now I know they are truely sticking it to us since these are still reasonable priced.
This is the absolute best hot cocoa for the Keurig Brewers. All of the other Hot Cocoa's that we have tried we had to "doctor" to make them taste good. We had to add more cocoa and more sugar. I was pretty much making my own cocoa, which defeated the purpose of the brewer. But the Grove Square Hot Cocoa does not need any help. In my opinion, It has just the right amount of flavor!!
Oh so good. The first cup I had was on the medium setting. It was too sweet. So I had my second on the larger setting and it was perfect! This is a creamy hot chocolate. Add a little milk and and whipped cream, and your set!!!!
I was quite pleased with e flavor of this product. A good, strong, yet not overpowering flavor.  Rich chocolate flavor. VERY pleasing. I highly recomend this product!
I'm giving this product 5 stars because I think it is great considering that it is made with water.  The hot chocolate is best if you shake the cup and then brew using the smallest possible cup size.  If you want a large cup of hot chocolate, use 2 k-cups.  It is fairly low in calories, most likely because artificial sweeteners are necessary to get all the ingredients into the little k-cup.
Better than expected, but the peppermint flavor lacks a mint smell or taste. This is a good purchase for the price.
KCups are a godsend; among KCups, these are near the top.<br /><br />The Keurig brewer is a blessing, hot beverages in seconds, mostly coffee; but there are greater and lesses among the coffees, and so, it seems, among the hot cocoas.<br /><br />This is so rich and vibrant, it announces itself from two rooms away.  Silky, smooth, bursting with all the things chocolate is supposed to deliver, it's a must-have in this household.
This is the best hot cocoa I have tried for the Keurig.... Rich, chocolate flavor (I used the 6oz setting) and it is not watery.  If you like hot cocoa, and the convenience of a K-cup, this is the one to get!
Grove Square Milk Chocolate Cocoa k cups are great! I usually make hot cocoa from scratch with milk over the stove. I thought this was easier and delicious. To add creaminess I put in either a splash of milk or a shot of whipped cream--perfect!
I ordered the hot cocoa for my grandson for Christmas.  He loves the flavor and is able to make it on his own.  Delivery was good, I had it in several days but still in plenty of time for Christmas.  Would recommend to anyone.
Love this brand. Great price with save and subscribe. My husband loves them. Top with whipped cream in a can and I have a happy man. I wish you could buy all pepermint cocoa.
Great taste and does not have the weird chalky after taste that other hot cocoa k-cups have.  I've tasted several and this by far is the better one, but I have to say anything larger than 8oz tastes a bit watered down.  Will definitely purchase more, but at the rate my family downs these, we are probably going to stick to the powdered hot cocoa to be more cost effective.
I ordered this as a christmas present for my Daughter and Son in law. He tried it the day after Christmas and gave it 2 thumbs up.
I bought a box of Grove Square Hot Cocoa because I love their Cappuccino French Vanilla.  I used the medium cup setting and added some whipped cream...it was to die for.  Very yummy and almost as good as homemade.  I never noticed an aftertaste like other reviews, but it could be because of the Redi Whip I added to it.  I highly recommend it.
My wife rates this  5  Stars. SHe is the chocoholic in the family and if you please HER...you please everybody .
I love the flavor that this hot chocolate has.  It is very rich and smooth.  Have tried other brands but did not get the results I wanted.  I will definately be ordering from this company again.
Got a brand new Keurig machine for Christmas and immediately went to work finding the cheapest and best tasting K-Cups on the market. I came across this when searching for some good Hot Cocoa and am amazed at how many K-Cups you really get out of this. 48 K-Cups for about $20 when I purchased was a great deal when most Hot Chocolate prices were 16 K-Cups for $15~$19.<br /><br />This is a great deal and you get to try out Peppermint, Dark Chocolate and Milk Chocolate. It's light on calories and most important of all taste GREAT!<br /><br />Must have if your a Hot Chocolate lover or have family that wants a easy to make, great tasting Hot Chocolate for less!
Fantastic cocoa.  All the flavors are excellent but my personal favorite is the dark chocolate.  I received my Keurig as a Christmas present and I am loving cocoa at the end of the work day...no mixing, no microwave and positively no pot on the stove...just warm, chocolatey goodness on demand. Will order this product again
After trying many of the other hot cocoa k-cup options, I find that the Grove Square product tastes the best.  For my personal taste, I find that brewing on the medium cup size setting creates the best taste.  Just add minature marshmellows and it is a great treat.  However, this is not hot chocolate, which may be a turn off for some tasters.
I have tried a number of k cup hot chocolates and grove square is by far the best yet!  Very nice flavor, doesnt have the nasty artificial sweetener flavor like a lot of the kcup hot chocolates.  very impressed!
I enjoy a good cup of Hot Cocoa on occasion, and this is "good stuff"!!  Not only that but in a time where prices are out of control on K-cups, this product is very reasonable in price.
I bought these for my mom and she loves it.  She mixed eggnog with the dark chocolate.  She enjoyed melting pepermint candies in too.
I bought this mostly because i wanted the peppermint hot cocoa, but i fell in love with the milk chocolate one.  The peppermint was pretty good as well...good cocoa!!!
Sometimes, I'd rather have cocoa instead of coffee at work. This meets my cocoa craving. I do not need to add sugar - just add water and brew!
Everything you'd want from a Hot Chocolate...creamy, milky, tasty, makes you happy :) I can't wait to try the other flavors!
i have tried many brands of the hot chocolates but this by far has been the best.  now, i realize it is thousand percent cheaper to just use the package you can buy at the store and add water but if you want to impress than this is the product.
Having tried all the varieties of hot chocolate k-cups, Grove Square's are by far the best.  They are very chocolaty, rich, creamy, and leave very little sludge in the bottom of your cup.  Yum...
I must say I was pleasantly surprised. I don't drink coffee and I was searching for more hot chocolates for my Keurig. I am a Milk Chocolate fan, but with Grove Square the Peppermint and Dark Chocolate are by far the better choice.Both have a sweetness I wasn't expecting. The flavor is great and I don't want to share. I am definitely reordering more.
This is by far the best hot cocoa I have found yet for the Keurig. I love the assortment and the peppermint is my favorite. I would give these try for sure if you are looking for some hot cocoa K-cups. All the other selections for hot cocoa that I have tried were just okay tasting. These are AMAZING!!!! LOVE THEM! I will order these for sure again!
After being disgusted by the brown water created by the Cafe Escapes dark chocolate cocoa, we were THRILLED to find these dark chocolate cocoa k-cups.  Delicious!
This is the best Keurig K-Cup hot chocolate you can buy. I've tried others, but will never buy any other brand again.
This Hot chocolate tasted very good!  The whole family liked it!!!  It is a nice change to make Hot Chocolate instead of coffee inthe Keurig coffee maker.  We wold purchase this again.
We had previously tried another brand of hot coca k-cups. We bought these since they seemed to be a pretty good value. We actually like the taste and flavor of these more than the other brand we tried. They have just the right amount of cocoa and sweetness. We like the variety of flavors in the pack also.
I am so glad that this hot chocolate is available for Keurig.  Previously the brand of hot chocolate available was only so-so, but this is definitely better.  The variety pack is just right for every mood and every guest.  I never find myself with too much of any one flavor left over.  Move over coffee lovers, we cocoa drinkers have found a home!
I have tried a few of the cocoa cups and find this product about average.  Unless you stir the cup the cocoa will taste watery for a few sips.
I've heard over and over that people are having a difficult time finding a hot chocolate pod to enjoy in their Keurig K-cup brewers.  The search is over!  This Grove Square Hot Cocoa received four big smiles from my sons. They just went on and on about how delicious it was!  I love having this new coffee pot where it's fast and convenient for all of us!  Super happy with this purchase.
Reasonable in price, tastes good.  Prefect for Keurig, which can be pricey.  We will probably buy this again.  It is mostly for the kiddos anyway!
These are so nice and creamy!  Usually I don't justify buying k-cups for things like cocoa that you can get cheaper in a packet, but this is so convenient and very good tasting .. way better than most powdered cocoa packets I've tried.  As far as price comparison, it is equivalent to gourmet-types of cocoa that would easily cost $1+ per packet.  I also like that it comes in a variety pack with 3 flavor options.  Highly recommend
I ordered this wanting to try a hot chocolate on my Keurig, and I am very happy with this product. I will definitely be ordering it again. That being said, I dislike hot chocolate made completely of water, so I do add a splash of Half and Half to my cup when I make this. Thus, I didn't want to give it a 5 star rating since I do doctor my cup up a bit at home (otherwise I would have). However, I won't even venture to make a cup of hot chocolate in a packet from the grocery store with water, I use 100% milk usually for those and they still don't measure up to this product from Grove Square. So, the fact that this tastes so good made with water and a bit of creamer to me speaks volumes. I do have to say that this is by far the best cup of instant cocoa that I have ever tried at home. Compared to the Swiss Miss in the cupboard this had a distinctly grown up taste to it. I'm a big fan!
Great product at a reasonable price....my husband's favorite! Loves the dark chocolate although we get the pack of 3 that includes light, dark and peppermint also.  Shopped around and this is a bargain and surpasses the other cocoa k-cups we have tried in taste.
I bought this item for my elderly  Mom, to use with the new Keurig Coffee machine I purchased for her. SHE LOVES IT!!!!!!......I WILL BE ORDERING MORE!!!!!!!!
Bought this as a gift and was told it tastes really great! Too bad I don't have one of those machines, otherwise, I'd try them out myself.  I might have to consider getting one! If you really like it, you can save some money by subscribing to it for automatic deliveries and to make sure you don't run out.
This is great hot chocolate.....Not watery like some others and my husband really likes this one.....Thank you.  Pat Greenough, Boise, Id.
We love this variety box in our house, we subscribe to ensure we never run out.  I use the 'Dark' to make Mocha, my wife loves the 'Peppermint' and i drink the 'Milk' whenever i fancy a hot chocolate.<br /><br />The Dark makes a great mocha, just do half a cup of the Dark Cocoa and half a cup of your favorite coffee, add whipped cream on top, delicious.  Also worth noting, you can try some of the flavored coffees in your Mocha and rustle up some great combos. I am not a fan of flavored coffee, i struggle to drink a cup but as a Mocha, delightful.<br /><br />Drinking the Peppermint or Milk as a hot chocolate, we add a little milk and whipped cream on top, delicious.<br /><br />I highly recommend this variety box if you are considering buying it. :-)
I've tried ever single brand of K-cup hot chocolate and this is absolutely the best one. It is the only one that actually tastes like the real stuff.
great price for the 24-count, my dad will love this gift since he loves hot chocolate and drinks about three cups a day, quick to receive.
It appears a little watery, but the taste is not bad at all.  If you have kids that are as fascinated by the Keurig as you are, they'll probably enjoy this.
I enjoy this cocoa very much, the children love it and drink it often.  I would purchase this product again.
For the price I think the cocoa cups are very good. I will order them again. They are nice to have in the house for the grand children and the holidays
Great tasting product and is much better than other cocoas I have tasted in this type of single serve. Job well dont grove square!
This is the best cocoa ever. It beats out anything you can buy in the store.  Sometimes<br />I just mix it in my coffee and it's wonderful.  Highly recommend.
It's a pretty good sub for the coffee shop version. No mess and the S&S price is great! I like that the box has perforations to remove part of the side so that it functions as a dispenser.
This is actually better than I expected when I paid less than 50 cents each.  We usually use a packet mix and hot water from the brewer.  This is much easier and the taste is comparable.  If you are very particular you may not like this but for something quick, sweet, chocolate flavored and warm for around 50 cents it is worth a try.  I would not buy it at the regular price that some retailers ask.
Getting really good cocoa out of a K-cup is not easy but this is much better than the others I have tried. Still a little wattery, but at 60 calories it is a nice treat.  very rich flavor - not as good as the real thing, bit I am not drinking it in a Berlin Chocolate shop either.  Put your slippers on, sit in front of the fireplace with your sweetie, and enjoy!<br /><br />60 cal (20 fat)  --  2g fat sat  --  11 carb  --  6g sugar  --  &lt;1g fiber
This hot chocolate is great am so glad I doubled the order ,you can not miss with this .Now I have quick hot chocolate for the kids and grandkids
We recieved the product on time and in excellent shape. It tastes good and meets our expectations. Thanks for the excellent service.
Funny thing - I bought some of these K-cups several weeks ago based on the strength of the reviews at that time.  I just got them last week and have had a few cups since then.  I'm using 8 ounces of water to prepare the cocoa.  I thought they tasted pretty good - reasonably chocolaty and smooth.<br /><br />They were sweet, but not overly so, and the richness made me check the calorie count on the box.  60 calories - hey, not too bad!  It wasn't until now that I came back to place a review and I read the most recent reviews from others did I realize they use artificial sweetener.  Honestly, if I hadn't read it I would have never known - I didn't detect anything that gave me the hint when I drank it.<br /><br />I think if you like a quick cocoa on the run you'll be happy enough with these K-cups.  Are they as good as a Swiss Miss packet from Costco?  Maybe not, but in my office I don't want to deal with getting powder on the counters and needing a spoon to get things mixed.  You'll sacrifice a little for the convenience, but to me it's well worth it.
Everything about the order went great, the Hot Chocolate is very good. I will be ordering this again probaly soon.
I am amazed how well these little cups taste.  These Kcups taste very well.  This hot chocolate taste great and are ready in one minute.
I recently purchased a Keurig and I bought the Cafe Escapes dark chocolate cocoa from their site, and it was not chocolately and had a strange aftertaste.  I saw the Grove Square brand and thought I would give it a try since I got 36 kcups for less than the 24 from Keurig. I received my purchase yesterday and immediately opened it up to try it.  The cocoa actually has sugar in it and the chocolately flavor is much better than the Cafe Escapes. I will be ordering this one again, and I hope my guest will drink the other kind to get rid of it!
We have tried many of the different hot cocoa k-cups...everything always tasted so watered down, even when using the smallest setting on the machine.  However, this brand...even at the medium cup setting, tasted fantastic.  I highly recommend Grove Square.  I haven't tried any of their other products, but I would be inclined to now based on this cocoa.
These Grove Square Hot Cocoa flavors are by far the best tasting we have found for the Keurig. We took a chance on these due to the high review ratings and it was a pleasant surprise that all three flavors are really good.<br /><br />Dark Chocolate - My favorite, very good even on the "large" cup setting<br />Milk Chocolate - Excellent on the "small" cup and good on the "large" cup setting<br />Peppermint - Everyone likes this one, on either cup size setting<br /><br />These do contain Sucralose in addition to sugar, I don't notice the taste but my wife does (but she still likes them).<br /><br />Highly Recommended! We tried these in the smaller variety pack, <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005K4Q64K">Grove Square Hot Cocoa Cups Variety Pack, K-Cups for Keurig Brewers, 12-Count (Pack of 3)</a><br /><br />CFH
Perhaps not your Grandma's cup of Hot Chocolate, but for the Keurig, it's the best out there.  And what makes it a sweeter deal you get 3 packs for the typical price of 1 K-Cup box, take note it's a Pack of 3, so a total of 36 k-cups.<br /><br />I suggest only using the small cup setting to prevent it from being watered down too much, but decide for yourself!
Truthfully, I wasn't expecting too much with this, but thought I would give it a try for something different for my Keurig. I have to say, that I was pleasantly surprised at how good this is.  My favorite is the dark chocolate, but the peppermint is very good as well.  I am not a real milk chocolate fan, but I mixed it with some coffee for a mocha and it was very good. I would definitely purchase this again.
As you know finding a hot chocolate that taste great and is brewed on the keurig is a big challenge. Well this hot chocolate is quite good. The flavor is rich and the hot chocolate has some creaminess to it. I made it for my daughter and toped it off with whipped cream and she loved it.  Will be drinking lots of this on now that it is begining to get colder.
although this isn't a perfect cup of cocoa, it's far superior to the others that i have tried. i will order this again.
This is by far the best K-cup hot cocoa we have tried.  It has a nice rich flavor and with the added convenience of a K-cup, it is easy to have a cup anytime you like. Highly recommend!
Out of all of the hot chocolate kcups that I have tried this is by far the best one. Not weird aftertaste, and not watered down. Tastes amazing and priced fairly, what more could you ask for?
These k-cups are just what my son wanted!  The price was excellent and the flavor is rich.  I would recommend these to anyone wanting a good cup of instant hot cocoa.
I am a big hot cocoa drinker so this hot cocoa I would definitely recommend it has a great cocoa flavor and it's perfect for those cold fall or winter days. Warms you up plus tastes great!
I mainly use my Keurig for coffee but thought I'd try this one since I love dark chocolate and it was getting mostly good reviews.  I've tried some other chocolate K-cups and had given up on them since they all seemed pretty watery.  If I can taste water I don't consider it real hot chocolate.  I was pleasantly surprised that this tastes much better than the others I've tried.  (I must admit there are many I haven't tried, but I don't really feel like making a big scientific study of it.)  This will be my source of hot chocolate from now on.<br /><br />I was a little disappointed to see how many ingredients it contains.  That sort of thing worries me a little.  Still, I don't drink hot chocolate that much, so I think I'll survive.  I'll copy the ingredient label here for those concerned plus a few items from the nutrition info:<br /><br />Calories 60, from fat 20.  Trans Fat 0g. Sodium 200mg. Sugars 6g.<br /><br />INGREDIENTS: sugar, glucose syrup solids, cocoa (processed with alkali), partially hydrogenated vegetable oil (may contain coconut, soybean, sunflower, palm and/or canola), modified whey, maltodextrin, salt, natural and artificial flavors, cellulose gum, sodium caseinate, cornstarch, lactose, dipotassium phosphate, sucralose, mono- and diglycerides, silicon dioxide, soy lecithin, artificial color. [Contains milk and soy.]<br /><br />(I always hate seeing artificial coloring in "dark" chocolate products.)<br /><br />If I had hot chocolate every day I would consider making it from scratch with more cocoa and fewer chemicals, but since I enjoy the convenience of having it nearly instantly from my Keurig on the occasional whim, I'll just keep a box of these K-cups on hand.  I highly recommend it for the taste, it isn't easy finding good hot chocolate.
I haven't actually tried drinking these just as hot cocoa but I know the peppermint flavor is great as a creamer for the Van Houtte Mexican coffee...I'm ordering another box as this adds just the right amount of chocolate to my coffee.  Been trying to find a coffee flavor that does that but so far adding these to the coffee has worked out better :-) I usually have 14 oz at a time so I run 4 oz through as hot chocolate and the other 10 as coffee. I did try another brand of kcup hot cocoa and it wasn't as good as this brand.
We have a new hot beverage cooker. This thing is the closest thing to the futuristic "replicators", made know via Star Trek movies and series of various efforts.<br /><br />We love our hot beverage brewer and have added a higher-end unit to our own home environment.<br /><br />We've used such a device and various coffee and tea pods over the last few years, but this kit tops that experience.<br /><br />I especially like the Hot-Chocolate and Tea beverages apart from the hundreds of coffee options.<br /><br />Do consider buying one of their devices and also sample the so very many flavors of coffees, teas and other hot beverages attached to the brewing station.
I'd never heard of this brand but they were very cheap here on Amazon and I was extremely surprised at how good the Dark Chocolate Hot Cocoa is.  Absolutely worth trying, it's really quite good.
This is really great Hot chocolate. The price is right too. Usually I find that hot chocolate k-cups are weak or watery but not this one. I was impressed. The dark chocolate is really yummy! I will be ordering more.
We use our Keurig every day.  When a friend gave us a sample we went crazy, it is the best hot chocolate ever.  I highly recommend this, it is a treat in the evening to take the place of dessert.
Compared to other k-cup products, Grove Square offers tasty products at a reasonable price.  This hot cocoa was rich and delicious!
GREAT! Hot Chocolate! By far the best Kcup hot chocolate I have found. I use a little milk or half and half and it's so..... good. I definitely will order again! Thanks for the super FAST SHIPPING!
My whole family loves this product, often times we struggle to find something like this that we can all have (some members of my family have severe nut allergies).  This product is nut free and clearly states what the ingredients are.
Unlike some others, this is actually IN a K Cup and not just an overpriced version of Swiss Miss.  While the flavor is not super premium like a Godiva or Ghiradhelli, it is better than your average instant mix and much better than the other weak K Cup versions I've had.  The sucralose does give it an aftertaste that reminds me of the sweetness of a commercial cake mix, but it isn't unpleasant.<br /><br />I like to brew this on the smallest setting (4oz) and then add milk to fill the cup and warm it in the microwave, I think that gives a richer taste. The peppermint is my favorite, followed by the dark and then the light chocolate.  They are all very good.  My only wish is that I could buy the peppermint on its own and not in a combo pack only.
These are the only kind of cocoa k-cups I have tried, as I have a fairly new machine. My only complaint is that it seems like the taste of chocolate in the milk chocolate version needs a bit of a boost. However, I usually add another teaspoon of regular cocoa mix and the taste is great. The peppermint and dark chocolate k-cups are delicious. Definitely worth a shot for this great price!
Whole family liked all three flavors.  We've had some of the other brands of hot chocolates and they were good also but just couldn't get myself to pay that much  for hot  chocolate.  The  price was right on these for sure but I was skeptical after reading reviews on the coffees made by this brand.  But it's just hot chocolate so I figured what the heck.  All three are actually plenty chocolaty on the biggest size serving.  Honestly, I think they're a little bit better than the other brands we've had.
What I really like about this selection is the choice of three different hot cocoa chocolates.  My favorite is the mint chocolate for it not only tastes like mint chocolate but it has the aroma of a hot mint chocolate.  The milk chocolate and dark chocolate are equally flavorful as well. The price through Amazon is very reasonable.
Very good hot chocolate.  Nice rich flavor.  We used the smallest setting on our Keurig, and made sure to shake it to make sure the powder was loose in the K-cup. The K-cup was completely empty after brewing. There is sucralose in it, but I could not detect the aftertaste of it.  I'm pretty sensitive to that aftertaste. I will buy this product again.<br /><br />Here are facts on the box:<br /><br />Calories 60, Fat (Saturated)2g, Sodium 220mg, Carbs 11g, Fiber &lt;1g, Sugars 6g, Protein 1g (if it's not listed it is 0)<br /><br />The ingredients list for this is:<br />Sugar, Glucose Syrup Solid, Cocoa (Processed with Alkali) Partially Hydrogenated Vegetable Oil (may contain Coconut, Soybean, Sunflower, Palm and/or Canola), Nonfat Dry Milk, Modified Whey, Maltodextrin, Salt, Natural and Artificial Flavors, Cellulose Gum, Sodium Caseinate, Cornstarch, Lactose, Dipotassium Phosphate,Sucralose, Mono- And DiGlycerides, Silicone Dioxide, Silicon Dioxide, Soy Lecithin, Artificial Color. Contains Milk and Soy.
The price is wonderful! The Hot cocoa tastes great in 6 and 8 oz but 10oz was a bit watery to me.<br />Dark Chocolate: YUM<br />Milk Chocolate: Is very yummy<br />Peppermint: For me wasn't enough peppermint but I just add a candy cane to mine.<br />  I would recommend this again and plan on ordering more soon!
Unlike the other hot chocolate(s), this one does not have that obnoxious after taste.  What a relief.  When I purchased my Keurig it came with a box of 16 hot chocolate K-Cups (name not used to protect the guilty), that have the most indescribable, particularly unpleasant after taste, all due to the "fake" sugar that seems to comprise most if not all of the product.<br /><br />This manufacturer does use some sucralose, but no where near the amount that "other" uses.  In fact, it actually tastes like hot chocolate during and after the sipping.  WhooHoo!!!!<br /><br />Will be ordering more - Thank You for my Kuerig hot chocolate reaffirmation.
What a fun winter treat!  This is a perfect cup of cocoa in seconds!  We like to put a tablespoon or two of heavy whipping cream in the bottom of mug before brewing! A family favorite.
Was skeptical about the quality of hot chocolate from a K cup but Grove Square is amazing.  It is just as good as making it from scratch but without the fuss.  The milk chocolate is mild, the dark has enough bite to make it interesting and the peppermint is perfect for after dinner.
I love these! The price is VERY good...all the flavors are really good! The peppermint one is my favorite and I would gladly take more of that before the others. Though the others aren't lacking at all, I'm just a peppermint fan! Will be buying more when my others get low! Thanks so much!
I like this hot cocoa very much it has a very rich taste compared to the others I have tried.Just bought some more of these.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005K4Q1VI">Grove Square Single Serve Hot Cocoa Cups, Milk, K-Cups for Keurig Brewers, 24-Count</a>A+++!!!!cocoa!
I was skeptical about buying this because all of the other hot cocoa items I've purchased for the Keurig have been awful. I was pleasantly pleased with this!  It is simply delicious!  I will definitely reorder!
This is a really great K-cup cocoa. I had been drinking the Cafe Express but they have really gone up lately so this is a good buy . Nice creamy chocolate flavor so I switched to this. I found it at Walmart but this price is better  here for the 3 pack. Give it a try :)
For those who do not drink coffee, this is a great compliment to the teas and ciders also available for your Keurig.
Super good price and the best k cup cocoa we have found.<br /><br />I am glad I found this for our family before the big cocoa season hits !<br /><br />love it
we have bought several types, brands of hot cocoa k cups. These our definitely one of the best! They have a great flavor and everyone in my house liked them, even my 9 year old who only likes some hot cocoa loved this. It is creamy, it actually tasted like a melted candy bar, very good taste, not watered down like some of them. Of course the price is amazing, but don't let that fool you! This is one of those products that is actually good even though it isn't very expensive.
Wow, I did a lot of reading trying to make a good decision on a K-cup hot chocolate, and of course taste is something that is very subjective.  If you read all the reviews on every product you'll discover that nothing gets past everyone and maintains a perfectly spotless reputation.  So I decided that even with some bad reviews I'd try this one since it has a lot of good reviews.  I'm just going to say that there are some real hot chocolate connoisseurs writing reviews in this thread.  Some discerning reviewers say it has a slight taste of sugar substitute, or some such thing.  All I can tell you is I must have under-achieving taste buds because all I can taste is yummy hot chocolate.  My family burned through the first box and I just ordered two more.  If you don't like this I feel sorry for you. Better to have numb taste buds I guess.  Enjoy.
When I got my Keurig brewer last month, I bought two different types of hot chocolate.  The Grove Square Hot Chocolate is far superior.  I have so far brewed it on 6oz and 8oz with good flavor at both sizes.  The flavor is rich and it leaves no residue in the bottom of the kcup (the other brand does, maybe I got a bad batch?).  Overall, I will happily buy this one again.
I got these cocoa cups based on my sister-in-law's recommendation.  It has a great flavor and is inexpensive.  Quite a good combination.  I'll be ordering more very soon.
This is excellent hot chocolate for those of you that love love hot chocolate- go for it - you will love it to... I would purchase this again.
I've tried all the available brands and flavors of hot cocoa for the Keurig, and this is the only one I keep buying more of when I run out. Of course it's not going to be as good as melting your own chocolate in a pot of fresh milk, but I find it at least as tasty as any non-K-cup cocoa mix I've had. It is richer than the same company's milk-chocolate cocoa (which would, however, be my #2 pick of K-cup cocoas).<br /><br />One star off because of the fact that if you prepare a small cup, there will usually be some cocoa goop left behind in the K-cup, which you have to move to your mug if you want maximum-strength cocoa. Shaking the K-cup first to break up large chunks of powder as recommended on the package seems to help some.
I love the flavor and the speed of this cocoa I drink one at night and each is the same good stuff.
I am very pleased with this selection.  I have not tried the other hot cocoa brands for Keurig but this one is awesome!  I bought the milk chocolate.
Lets face it, $11 isn't going to get you the most succulent chocolate in the world.  But it does give you a GREAT everyday cocoa in a 6oz brew. Great to mix with a coffee for an instant mocha, and no sugar needed!  Kids will LOVE it. VERY happy with this purchase.  Will keep this in my pantry always!
I have searched for hot chocolate for my Keurig, but couldn't find any that were economical to purchase. I found this at a decent price, and was I glad!  My husband absolutely loves this hot chocolate and says it reminds him of his childhood. Try it - you'll like it!
My brother owns a Keurig one cup coffee maker, which is an amazing device. I, however, don't drink coffee. When I came across these Hot Cocoa K-cups, I took a chance. They're incredibly good, and it gives me a chance to share a hot drink with the coffee crowd without having to boil water or milk. This 24-pack is priced well against the coffee K-cups as well.
I ordered this because so many people were saying that it was sugar free. It's not. The first ingredient is "SUGAR". It's too much of a pain to return, so I'll keep it and drink it (because it's a pretty good K-cup hot chocolate). I will think twice about ordering it again though. I'd really like to get what I ordered.
Best K-cup hot cocoa on the market, bar none. Would not be without it in the house, especially with the winter months coming.
This is a very mild hot cocoa.  Perfect for those winter evenings or even good in the morning instead of coffee.  We love it anytime.  Next time I will try the dark chocolate.
This is very good hot chocolate, creamy and tasty.  All of the flavors are good, my favorite is the peppermint.  I wish the peppermint was available on its own, not in the variety pack.  My son and I also like to add peppermint flavored marshmallows, for an extra shot of peppermint taste.  In my opinion, better than the Swiss Miss K-cups.
The hot cocoa does have a sugar substitute in it, but as far as I could tell, wasn't strong enough to leave that bitter aftertaste you get when they put a lot of it in the ingredients. If you have a very very sophisticated palate perhaps you could taste it a little, but it doesn't take away from the taste of the cocoa, so as far as I'm concerned it wasn't an issue. I would say this is on par with the type of cocoa you'd get in a coffee machine, which is fine, because I don't hate coffee machine cocoa. I have only tried the peppermint so far, and it tasted like peppermint... what can I say? That's what it's supposed to taste like.
We enjoy a cup of hot chocolate with our Keurig machine and used to have Cafe Escapes as our favorite.  When I saw the Grove Square brand at such a great price, I thought I'd give it a try.  We love it - it is now our favorite brand.  I will be back for more!
Had never heard of this brand before, however the price was right for ordering.  Turns out the family likes this better than the Swiss Miss K-cups we had been using.  Will continue to buy, will continue to use.  Don't forget to buy the mini-marshmallows at the store!
My Husband said it tastes wonderful!! Just like you would get in a restaurant....creamy and flavorful! Hightly Recommends this product!
This hot chocolate is very good and flavorful. Compared to other hot chocolate that we have tried it is cheaper and we would recommend.
This is a great assortment and price...I only give it 4 stars because the peppermint is very weak in peppermint, so I add extract. Nice cocoa flavor to all, tho. Reminds me of "homemade"
Best one in K cups todate not watery like several of the others I have tried. Will now join the subscribe and save group!<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005K4Q64K">Grove Square Hot Cocoa Cups Variety Pack, K-Cups for Keurig Brewers, 12-Count (Pack of 3)</a>
Well the product was good and the taste is great. The convenience was excellent and the delivery was quick. So what's not to love? The darn things tend to clog up my machine. Never ever happens with coffee. May one could run hot water after each serving to prevent the clog. Otherwise an excellent product.
I'm really baffled by the great differences of opinion on this product. I've tried a couple of different brands and the Grove Square was without doubt the best. I recently purchased a cup of hot cocoa at a local Joe Muggs (in a local BAM store) that was over $2  for the smallest size and really couldn't tell much difference. Obviously every person has different tastes and opinions but so many 1 and 5 star ratings for the exact same product? Oh well, I like it.<br />p.s. 11-27  I like this cocoa well enough that I have subscribed to momthly delivery with free shipping and reduced cost!
The price was as fantastic as the taste. So convenient to make and no messy powder  that is hard to dissolve. No major cleanup to deal with either. Highly recommended!
The kids like cocoa. Perfect when you can't make the kids hot choco. Tastes good too. 24 Count? not bad...
Grove Square hot chocolate is very tasty.  I was searching for The Swiss Miss brand and the search pulled up this one. The price was right so I ordered some with hopeful expectations and was pleasantly surprised at Grove Squares wonderful chocolate creamy taste even on the large cup Koerig setting. You won't be disapointed
I love a cup of Hot Choc. in the cold winter months. We live in Penna. and it gets quite chilly here. The Hot Coc. is a little sweet for my taste, but I've gotten used to it and enjoy a cup once in a while
My daughter says this is the very best hot chocolate she has ever had! And I love it because no more spilled envelope messes!
I finally found a hot cocoa for the keurig that isn't too sweet. I made a cup the day it came in the mail and from the first sip I was hooked. From now on this will be the only hot cocoa I drink.
My grandson and husband love to bond drinking this hot chocolate together. I get it every other month.  I can't ever be without it.
In my trip through the health area of my local food market I stumbled upon Enjoy Life Boom Choco Boom Dark Chocolate Bar. I just can't resist trying things such as this. Into the cart it went. It's rather good. It says it's dairy, nut and soy free, and I'll take their word. The question is taste. Well, it's a good tasting bar. I have a couple others that I would regard higher. but this one is quite good. It's a bit high in calories (170 per bar) but has no cholesterol or sodium. Not bad. I'll pick it up again.<br /><br />Gary Peterson
I've ordered most of the cheaper Tea's Etc add on teas and all have been great both in terms of flavor AND value. I cold brew using disposable tea filters closed with toothpicks in <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004TJ3ZUA">Takeya Airtight Drink Maker Pitcher / Jug, Set of Two</a> and it works wonderfully. (Those jugs are great, even better if you can still find them half price at Costco.)<br /><br />I'm glad I ordered this when I did, the price has more than doubled! I'd still say it's a GREAT value. This is my go to tea when I want something with a little more flavor than "regular" black tea. I don't sweeten my tea, but I think this would be a perfect sweet tea for a hot day. The orange flavor is very palatable unlike some others. It's noticeable without being pungent or artificial. It also isn't spiced like many other orange teas.
Arrived nicely packaged and sealed. An aromatic, lovely tea that I love to blend with others to make custom iced tea blends. I love this Oolong orange with fruity black teas. Recommended!
That is right, open the bag and just get your nose close and smell it. You know this is a quality product instantly. Some of the tastiest tea I have had and the Oolong and orange are a great mix. Even if you aren't a tea drinker at all, once you smell this tea you will want to try it. I am very glad I bought this product it is a favorite of mine.
So fun and great price. This was one of our party favors at my son's birthday party. HUGE hit! I will buy again for the baseball team and group outings. The box is just like the good ol' days, although I remember the prizes were better back then (or maybe my expectations were lower since I was 10).
We bought 2 cases of these. Expire date was 3 months out. Plenty of time to eat. We have 2 boys and got these for them as a snack in lunches etc. I was worried that the product would be stale as stated in other reviews. We've ate 3 boxes and all were fine so far. Kids loved it and I did as well. Prizes were not as good as they used to be but they didn't know the difference. A few were educational and that never hurts! We'll probably order another couple cases. At 40 cents per snack you can't go wrong!
Bought these to give out as party favors for my son's baseball themed birthday party.  They were a huge hit with both the adults and children.
I threw my son a baseball themed party for his 1st birthday. What would baseball be without popcorn, peanuts &get crackerjack?! Item was delivered as promised & the packaging was old school, which was appreciated by parents, granparents &the even great grandparents! Item was fresh & taste great!
I ordered this product for a themed baby shower. They went over well and they tasted just like normal cracker jacks. Loved that I could find the box and they fit perfect in favor bags.
If you're looking for a healthier alternative to peanut butter (whatever reason) this is a good choice.  It's nice and crunchy, tastes better than other brands I've tried, and doesn't separate as much as others.  Best I've found so far.
I love these noodles.  They are really great for a midnight snack.  It's not really something that will fill you up for a dinner.  If you do eat it for dinner, you will be hungry later.  Maybe some people wouldn't!!!!  But, it just doesn't stick to my ribs.  I love them though and Amazon has a really good price.
This soup cooks up quickly and is very yummy! I really like the flavor of the seasoning packet and the way the noodles cook up, nice texture. It is very satisfying to me. I'm a single gal who doesn't really cook & am often in a hurry for my next meal, and I find that this soup really hits the spot. Although it does tend to be more of a mid-afternoon snack/light lunch item for me. It will tide you over for a while until your next big meal, but i have to agree with the other reviewer that if you try to have just one of these for dinner you can expect to be hungry in a few hours.<br /><br />Personally I LOOOVE this soup that much more because I had to give up the ramen cup o' noodle and some other brands i had been eating because I developed an allergy to shellfish and mollusks.  It seems that often these instant noodle packets/bowls either have some type of seafood in the sauce or they are manufactured on equipment that also processes shellfish. This one does not contain any type of seafood like many of the other instant noodles do. Another plus for me is that it's not spicy. I'm kind of a wimp with spicy foods, plus i have GERD/reflux, so believe me if i can eat it is NOT spicy. Just tasty :)<br /><br />One thing that bugs me a little is that i feel guilty about the packaging since the plastic bowl is not recyclable (in my town they only take 1's and 2's which of course these microwave safe bowls are never made out of.) Oh well, can't have it all....
Somehow I feel healtier eating these things instead of peanuts. I don't know why either. Also, unlike peanuts, I can limit my intake to a handful and not the whole bag.
I have tried all of these nuts and they are fantastic.  I highly recommend them as a snack which is not only healthy, but tasty.  The mulberries combined with chocolate are amazing.
A suprisingly delightful snack! Great to have around while I'm working long hours in front of the computer.
a great deal. it arrived with no damage. the taste to me is the best. i have tried most other brands and really got fed up with them. they just don't taste right to me. but this one i can eat right out of the bottle and enjoy it. it tastes so good. i am very happy with this purchase and the price is great also.
I prefer jerky with a dry texture but always have a hard time finding a good one.  They're usually moistened soft chunks of meat instead of hard strips.  If you like old-school jerky then I highly recommend this product.  Delicious!
recommended to me by a friend i saw at the gym - had seen them a few times at the fatted calf in napa, but didnt really pay attention.  i will never buy beans in the bag from the grocery store again.  huge difference in taste and quality.  sent my son who is an aspiring chef and gourmet foodie a box of beans in a bag as well...
I've probably tried about 15 varieties of beans from Rancho Gordo.  They're all excellent.  Some are better suited for one type dish than another, and if you visit their website, they will tell you what works best for which dish.<br /><br />Some are just plain gorgeous to boot!  And being heirloom, I believe you can also save some back to plant, if you have the climate for growing them.  (Unfortunately, I don't.)<br /><br />Out of all the ones I've tried, we like the Borlotti best - they cook up plump and will hold their shape, with a creamy interior.  They're fantastic for Mexican-style beans - frijoles borrachos, refried, whatever you like.  And I've also cooked them with ham hocks/garlic/onions etc. for a delightful bowl of beans.<br /><br />This particular assortment doesn't have the Borlotti beans but you could always add them to your order!  It's a nice sampler and will get you hooked on their products.<br /><br />Oh yeah, sign up for their newsletter too, Steve sends out a good one with recipes and stories of the beans.
I had no idea what this stuff was when it was served to me at a restaurant recently - and I could not stop eating it! Finally figured out it was Kalamata Olive tapanade, and I wondered where the heck can I get this stuff? I'm totally spoiled now! Well, I headed for where I always go when I want the best of everything - amazon.com! And there it was, and now I can have it whenever I want! I love tossing a bit with pasta, particularly the tomato and basil pasta I also order from amazon; it's great on salads, on humus sandwiches, and anything else you can think of once you get the taste in your mind hehe. It's fantabulous!<br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001HTI4TM">Peloponnese Kalamata Olive Spread, 7.5-Ounce (Pack of 6)</a>
I got this for a gift for my father and he loved them.  I will probably get them again but only as a gift due to the cost of sausages.
I know -- the description is clear enough about apples & cranberries but I found these sausages to be a little too sweet.  My guests agreed.  The same company makes sausages that I like better.
This coffee is really rich, perfect in the morning. I ordered it for the office, but it was going fast. After a day or so I decided it was too good/fine to share so I swapped it out w/some cheap stuff and brought it home. More for me!
This canned organic corn is great. Sweet and plump, and being organic is added bonus. Inside, the can lining looks JUST LIKE Eden's BPA free cans, but so far I can't find the consumer service number of the company to verify if their can is BPA free. At least I don't see the white plastic lining in these cans. I'm just hoping these are BPA free, then these are totally awesome!
Found this item quite good: it was sweet and slightly crunchy. All in all, a delightful product. It arrived in excellent condition, no dents and no dings. Perhaps the packaging has improved.
very good corn product, we will be eating this case of corn way faster than we expected.  It was well packed and stores in the pantry nicely
I combine this with Libby's Organic Black Beans and Libby's Organic Green Beans mixed with Bob's Red Mill Organic Brown Rice at least two or three times per week for a perfect meal every time!
We live in an area that does not have a lot of stores that carry organic at reasonable prices. That said I found the product to be a good value and convenient not to have to sometimes wait for local stores to restock, if they even stocked.<br /><br />Yes, some cans get dented in transit but it really was not a big problem for me. I hope the future delivery is the same or better.<br /><br />It is unknown if the can lining is BPA free. I try to avoid it but until the manufactures get it out it's near impossible to buy canned goods that don't have BPA in the can lining. Pregnant women should avoid anything with BPA in it and if I had growing children I would also strive to avoid.
I ordered from east coast supplier before and even when shipped with a bag of frozen water the dark chocolate coating turned very light. I live on the west coast and this seller is in CA, so I got the Snickers in just a couple of days, instead of 10.<br />And their shipping costs were less, they shipped via post for under $5, instead of via UPS.<br />Lowest price I have paid for this candy and best quality.
These tic tacs are great right up there with the orange flavor. I did find them cheaper at the 99cent store 49cents a pack. I went recently and bought 24 for $12 heads up for anyone living in Ca.
I first encountered this flavor at an airport magazine stand.  I sampled a couple and was hooked.  I thought this flavor was the best of all in the TicTac line.  On my flight, I was munching on the pack absent-mindedly.  I landed with the idea of buying several packs.  Then came the rude surprise - Grapefruit flavor is not a common sight on TicTac stands - anywhere.<br /><br />I finally settled on this purchase as the only way to maintain a steady supply.  This flavor of TicTac is best used as a "chaser", following a heavy-duty breath freshening from TicTac Power Mint, the blue color.  Not only is Power Mint effective, it also numbs out my tongue for several minutes.  A follow-up with a single Grapefruit restores my mouth to normality.<br /><br />I rate Grapefruit as the best flavor, with Watermelon and the new Strawberry Foelds close seconds.  In general any flavor TicTac is effective breath-freshening, but Grapefruit is truly addicting.  TicTac settles the issue that the tongue is a major contributor to sour breath.
Delicious and unique flavor, great for those who like a little tart taste. Nice the have a 12 pack since they are pretty hard to find.
When I stumbled across pink grapefruit tic tacs, I was intrigued enough to order them.  I do enjoy grapefruit flavors and I love tic tacs with intense flavors.  These did not disappoint.  They offer an intense flavor that tastes just like real grapefruit.<br /><br />An unusual treat!
Look no futher. Always fresh! Nothing is worse than stale candy,, so save yourself from anguish and purchase here today
My daughter and I loved these when they first came out but had been unable to find them locally.  Then I thought, if anyone would have them, Amazon would!<br /><br />So glad to find them - it made a nice addition to her Christmas stocking.
We found these pink grapefruit Tic Tacs while vacationing in Massachusettes; when we returned to California, we couldn't find them! I was happy to find them here. They taste great!
This is a keeper flavor -- hope Tic Tac removes pink grapefruit from the limited edition category.  Citrus flavor seems especially potent to freshen your mouth after eating onion/garlic.
I rarely eat anything but whole wheat pasta, but every once in a while, I eat some of this as a treat.  Almost as good as the pastas that I ate while in Italy!  Just make sure you don't over cook.
I love The Meadow.  So I guess this review is more about how much I adore this store, than it is about the salt (which by the way is fabulous).  I got my order way faster than I expected, which was nice.  I would recommend purchasing anything from these amazing folks, and even better if you can visit their lovely store in Portland.  This is one of the most romantic stores that exists.  Opening my box of truffle salt, and smelling that fragrant scent, was just not as magical as walking into their gorgeous store filled with flowers, salt, chocolate and wine.  Ah, it is a taste of heaven.<br /><br />The salt's great.  thanks Meadow people.
A very soft, very delicious Keebler Brand Cookie that is hard to find in the supermarket and generally around $4.49/bag 'cause it's never on sale. I picked up my order of 6 bags through Warehouse Deals fulfilled by Amazon for $13.00, a good bargain considering how much they are in a grocery store @ $4.49/bag and hard to find usually in this variety! If the sale is right, I highly recommend it for you to try and buy for yourself!
It is hard to stay out of these wonderful cookies! Just the right amount of chocolate chips and the texture is melt-in-your-mouth good!
I may be dating myself here a bit but I remember when the first Soft Batch cookies came out.  These were the first and they were bigger and yes, even softer than these are now.  But, at that time, they were the ONLY soft, prepackaged cookie (can you believe that?) besides Archway.  They then came out with at least a dozen other varieties but for some reason, they stopped making them.  I can remember every kid imaginable going nuts over these things so I'm wondering why they stopped.<br /><br />Anyway, back to today, these cookies, even though they're smaller, are still quite excellent.  They are just so soft and taste better than Keebler's other soft and chewy cookies.  This package made it about 20 minutes in this house - that's what happens when you're raising a bunch of Titan boys!<br /><br />Great, great stuff, HIGHLY recommend!
Chewy Chips Ahoy and Keebler Soft Batch are very similar taste and texture. I decided to try this since a had a coupon for 50% off. They're slightly smaller than Chips Ahoy, but that's about it. My cookies arrived a little crumbled due to shipping, but no complaints because they were still edible and tasted great. Great Cookies, and now I have a stockpile of them :).
Needed some bulk quantity jelly beans to fill small jars for baby shower favors.  Buying them this way saved a lot of money over buying them by the pound at the local candy store.  As stated in another review, the jelly beans just come in an unlined cardboard box.  This seemed a bit odd, but there were 2 sheets of wax paper, I guess to prevent dust, etc from getting into the box through the top and bottom.  Not much else to say, they're Jelly Belly's at about half the cost of the local guy!
I don't understand why this dog food is not full of reviews. Checkout [&#8230;] they give this dog food 4 out of 5 stars which beats science diet and purina one which I use to use and diamond natural is less expensive.
We purchase this food for our two boxers and great dane. The dane has an allergy to chicken and one of the boxers has a weak stomach, so this food is perfect for them. All three dogs love it (even the picky one) and it seems to agree with their digestive tracts more than any other dog food that we've tried (I can't begin to tell you how pleased I am about THAT). I did a lot of research to find a quality food that isn't full of filler and won't break the bank. I am 100% pleased with this food, more so than any of the other more expensive brands that I've tried.
I have tried many many many different brands. I also did my research on what's the best for my Dane and most of it is expensive. I found this to be very good quality and a good price among Chicken Soup and Canidae.<br />My GD loves this he eats 7-8 cups a day and he would love to eat more. He has a shiny coat, no allergies and his sensitive stomach thanks the food. I highly recommend this. But I am buying it somewhere else a little cheaper and 2 day shipping. ;)
Over 90% of dry dog food is very unhealthy and can not even get 1 or 2 stars out of 5 or 6. Diamond Naturals is a great food. I have 6 Afghans and I've spent many, many hours of research to find this out.
My giant Schnauzer was weaned on this food. When we changed to Blue Buffalo, Eukanauba  Lamb and Rice, and Nutro he developers allergies. This is the only food that works.
It's amazing how little popularity that Diamond Pet Foods seems to have considering the quality ingredients their foods contain!  I worked at a pet store for about four years. Our number one recommendations on foods were Natural Balance and Wellness- two EXCEPTIONAL foods that are pretty expensive.  But for those owners who have multiple dogs or even one large breed dog, those brands can cripple your budget.  So when I would get customers who absolutely LOVED their pets and wanted to be able to feed them healthy food without breaking their banks, I recommended Diamond.  Diamond dog food costs about the same as those commercial brands like Purina and Iams, but contains ONLY natural, healthy ingredients.  Just remember, the less garbage you feed your dog (by-products, fillers) the less your dog uses the bathroom- AND they stay fuller, longer!
This is the best dog food I have ever purchased, and having been a dog training for over 4 years, I've purchased A LOT! We first tried this food when our new addition (an 8-week old German Shepherd) joined the family, and we wanted to keep him on a natural dog food. With any purebred dog, health can be an issue, and you don't want to fill your dog with by-products and plant fillers from day one. This food is praised by unbiased pet food reviewers, and I don't understand why there isn't more publicity for this product. Our other dog, a 5-year old English Bulldog with constant skin/allergy issues, was switched over when we discovered this brand, and she has not had an allergic reaction since! We didn't realize how much it had to do with diet. Her hair used to fall out in spring (not just normal shedding, but actual balding from hair loss), but this has alleviated that problem as well. Now our shepherd is a year and a half old, and he's eating this Large Breed Adult Lamb & Rice flavor. He's not a big eater, but he loves this food! Will definitely keep him, and all future pets, on this brand as long as they keep their standards as high as they are now!! Kudos Diamond for making a wonderful natural dog food.<br /><br />SIDE NOTE: I would never buy regular Diamond brand food. If the bag doesn't say "Natural" on it, the standards they are kept to are WAY lower and the quality suffers immensely. Stick with Natural (it's a couple dollars more at most!) and your dog will be happier and healthier and live a longer life! Isn't that what we all want?!?
I don't review much, but I have been buying this brand for my Irish Wolfhound for over 2 years now.  He still loves it and it's good for him.  If you have a large breed dog, this dog food will be a good choice for healthy food.
this food gets an A rating compared to failing scores for many others in the price range. however, it's about $8 more here on amazon than at the local pet store (after a 9.25% sales tax)
My 8 year old Great Dane was itching a lot with the Lamb meal from the big box stores. I started buying this (for cheaper) and he stopped itching. His coat is also looking shinier. I wish I would have discovered this years ago. It saves me trips to the pet store and money also.
I ordered two of these bags for my three dogs - a mastiff, a lab, and a terrier mutt.  They arrived well packaged inside cardboard boxes.  The dogs like the food, their coats are shiny, and the mastiff didn't vomit when beginning this new food.  He has problems when switching foods, but he started on the Diamond Naturals with no problems.  I'm going to continue to buy this food for my dogs.
I have 3 dogs with different needs and tastes and this is one of the few foods that meets them and basically one of the only ones I can afford.<br />My oldest (14) loves the lamb, my husky loves the glucosamine and the youngest farts less on this food which makes everyone happy.<br />I always try to find food with good ingredients and this meets that standard while staying one of the cheapest foods. I thoroughly recommend it!
This salad seasoning is so simple but extremely tasty.  It enhances the salad as it's not too over-powering.  It's a salty, mildly seasoned packet of goodness. It's also very addictive probably due to the MSG. Add olive oil and red wine vinegar, Mmmmmm.  I can't believe I found it here, b/c you cannot find it in mainstream supermarkets nor ethnic markets anymore.
I have used this product for a few years now, my family and I love how it adds flavor to our salads and frozen vegetable dishes. Problem was I could only get it at a few grocery stores when I would go home to Florida to visit, then I couldn't find it at those stores anymore. I was happy to find it on Amazon and ordered the case quantity which will last a long time.
I loooove this product .... I use it a lot on my salads, vegetables  and to season meats ..... delicious !!!
I love Goya salad and vegetable seasoning, I tried it once and was hooked, it's the only thing I use on my salads now. I love the small packages, I can easily take them to a restaurant. I also love the fact that it is much lower in calories than regular salad dressing.Thankfully,the area that I live in carried this product for a short time and I was able to try it. Unfortunately the area that I live in stopped carrying the product, I know this because I searched every store in the town that I live in as well as the surrounding towns. Eventually, I went to Amazon and found the product, unfortunately at that time they are out of stock, I waited six months and finally Amazon had the product again. I ended up buying the pack of 24 eight count boxes, to make sure that I never ran out of the product again. Since I had so many I was able to share with friends and family.
This is a simple salad seasoning, just add vinegar and oil one packet of Goya<br />salad seasoning and you will have the best salad ever.  Also you can put in<br />a potato salad and is marvelous also!<br />please give it a try and enjoy it!!!
My husband refuses to eat fish, but he LOVES this. It only takes 10-12 minutes to make, and is way better than any other kind of Tuna Helper I've tried.<br /><br />Besides the box itself, you'll need:<br /><br /> - 1 can of tuna (6 oz., or I use 8 oz.)<br /> - 1 tablespoon of butter<br /> - 1 cup of milk<br /><br />It's a breeze to prepare, just DON'T leave it alone before you put the tuna and pasta in. Because of the milk, it likes to boil over. Just keep an eye on it and reduce the heat right after it starts boiling.
Mackerel is a tasty alternative to salmon with nearly the same Omega 3 content. My local grocery store hasn't been able to get tinned mackerel for several months. No one can explain why. So I ordered a case of these and have been pleased with the quality and value. I'm reordering.
i have ordered mackerel several times on amazon and most pleased with SEASONS brand than any other. seems to me the fish are smaller therefore less mercury.<br />packed in olive oil is also a bonus. they are not as "fishy" as others that i have tried. i eat them to get a healthy serving of omega 3. my 11 year old boy has taken a liking for them as well as my 14 year old daughter. we put a small chunk on a cracker and top with a ring of hot banana peppers.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000HDMW9M">Season Fillets of Mackerel in Olive Oil, 4.375-Ounce Tins (Pack of 12)</a> i would recommend this brand. tom heflin
I ordered these a while back off of Amazon. The mild flavor and firm texture is great. When they are available here they are about 2/3's the cost of my local super market. They are always good no matter where I buy them. I just wish Amazon kept them in stock all the time.
The product was exactly as I expected and the same as previously bought in retail stores.
At  $3.33 a can, these are expensive for what they are, but are well worth it. The mackerel are of very high quality, are well packed, and not overcoooked or smoked. Also, since fish is the only meat I eat, I end up having a can almost every day.
These are better than the usual canned fish filets, tastier, and not dry.  There are no bones or skins.  I worried about Mackerel but they are much nicer than, say, kippered herring filets or sardines in oil.  It's easy to pour off the olive oil if that is a worry, but you'd be losing something that is also tasty.
They taste good and give you a lot for what you pay. The meat was of high quality. I was however expecting each tin to contain one medium sized fillet. Rather, these are about 6 small fillet in a can, much more like sardines are packaged (but these are just fillets). Was a bit disappointing for that, and the info could have been more clear.
Ordered 2 cases on different dates and got them within 2 days. Cant find these in the stores so please keep them in stock. Make for a great meal with some veggies or a salad...and this type of fish with omega 3's is good for you.
These are wonderful!  Exactly like the originals, only in miniature form.  Delicious and crispy and the wonderful Amaretto flavor!  Rapid shipping from the seller as well!
This has been a Christmas favorite since my late sister-in-law introduced our family to these cookies over 20 years ago.  She was from Italy and loved these cookies as do we.
This product makes a great gift!  Not only are the cookies delicious, but the tin is attractive and of good quality.  Highly recommended.
When I was in Rome I got these for my grandfather as a gift, he is from Italy so I thought he would enjoy something from home (although I wasn't sure if these were a little Americanized, since a lot of the wording on the tin was in English). Anyway, my grandfather LOVED them. My mom thought they were too sweet, but he just loved them and now I am glad I could find them online so I can get him more!
A little more money than your average cookie, but VERY much worth it.  You will not find a cookie like this anywhere else!
We had candied chestnuts that came in a box in France many years ago and have since looked for them in the states.  This year I searched the internet and wa-la there were some products to try.  There were some products more expensive and because the product would be shipped we did not want to be spending a lot for something not that good.  These came in a can with syrup which was different than the ones we had had in France but they are excellent.
The best way to get Jelly Belly... a good price.. and you only get the flavor you want.
Chocolate with coconut!  How can you lose?<br /><br />I love Ross Chocolates.  You can really tell that they are made of top quality chocolate.  It is creamy and flavorful.<br /><br />I enjoy these (and I buy several flavors...all have the same great quality and taste) especially because I try to keep my sugar intake to a minimum.  I keep a supply of them in my refrigerator in airtight containers at all times.  They keep very nicely.
Very nice product.  It is not a Mounds bar, but it helps satisfy the urge.
DE is a very good coffee.  I ordered this as my father-in-law raved about it, and the whole bean aroma rood is indeed a good coffee.  It tastes like a medium coffee with a particular spice feel to it.  Very unique and very tasty.  I tend to make my coffee very bold even if it is a 'medium' coffee, and even bold this is up there with some of my favorite coffees.<br /><br />If you are a coffee fan, this is worth a shot, pun intended.<br /><br />Enjoy.
I drank this coffee over 30 years ago when I lived in The Netherlands. So glad that I can get it through Amazon. Strong, full bodied but easy on the tummy!!!
If you have a coffee grinder, this is the best coffee, I would highly recommend it! The taste and aroma remind me of sitting in a cafe in Holland, relaxing and watching the passersby...
This is a very good, medium-roast, medium-bodied coffee. Brew it directly after grinding the bean to capture the most flavor.
this product came as advertized..it was a great buy and I love the taste of the tea<br /><br />great deal and happy i purchase from them.
I used this flour in my usual pizza recipe. I noticed the difference with regular bread flour right away. The dough was very elastic and easy to work with. The pizza ended up being lighter and crispier than usual. I will only use his flour from now on!
Shipping was prompt and the product was what I fully expected.  It helped me be successful with Mama Agata's Lemon Cake where U.S. flours failed.
I don't know why this flour isn't available in grocery stores in the Midwest.  Typical grocer flours have a protein content much too high to give an authentic taste to such foods as pizza crust and homemade pastas.  And after years of making homemade pastas and trying to find that perfect recipe that would result in those served in the best Italian restaurants in the US and Europe, I'm happy to discover, the secret was in the 00 protein content all along.  What a fabulous difference this flour makes!  Freezes well too.
So this stuff is a must have for making true pizza napoletana.  I'm really thrilled that it is so accessible here in the USA.  This flour makes the most silky smooth dough I've ever had the pleasure of getting sticky with, and it has a different (better for pizza) taste than the all-purpose store brand flour.  Sure It costs a little more, it's coming from Italy, but given that you can make about 6 pizzas per bag ... who's counting?  Get this stuff, some D.O.P. tomatoes, grow some basil, and make some Mozarella (okay, I admit, haven't done this one ... yet) but given the first couple items there and you're well on your way to the origins of pizza in Naples, Italy. Is it worth it??? I say Si!!! Mangia!!! (And Taylor's Market always comes through for my home shipments!... Cheers!)
I ordered this Italian flour after reading an article about some of the issues with American wheat. It is<br />light, and everything I've made with it from cookies to pizza crust has been delicious. It was shipped<br />very quickly.
If you follow their recipes precisely, with careful measurements, the freezer jams are excellent.  Strawberry jam is particularly appealing.  I've been warned that changing quantities of any ingredient will not have happy results.
sweet, juicy and yummy. I have to try hard not to eat too much at one time. So addictive. It tastes just like those in Asian market. Actually this one tastes a bit better.
Dried mangoes are my hubby's favorite fruit.  He especially LOVES the Philippine brand.  Some come close, but no cigar.  We have searched high & low to find a brand comparative to these, but there are none.  Having them delivered on a regular basis is great & with free shipping.  No more detective work and disappointment.  He does have to be careful however, because he seems to eat them too fast & runs out short of the next delivery, maybe I will increase my quantity!  Quality is the best.  Delivery on a regular basis was a perfect gift for him.  I am very happy & satisfied.
Great value and much superior to what you find in stores. Makes a great snack or after dinner treat, but for those who are health conscious remember to keep it to a few pieces since they are covered in thin sugar. Try to keep the bag tightly sealed once you open them since the slowly begin to dry up. Will be ordering more soon :)
By faar the best dried mangoes i have purchased. Fresh and full of flavor. The 2 pach 20oz is probably the best value. Order a lot because it will be done before you know it. Trust me it is heartbreaking when you reach into the bag and only find mango crumbs.
I remember really loving to eat dried mangos when I was younger so I decided to give this brand a try. These weren't bad per se but they were a little too sweet for my taste. I guess it's a good thing though since you don't want to eat a lot of them because the calories will build up unless you control your portions. I'll eat one and it'd satisfy my sweet tooth for hours before I want to eat another one. Therefore, I guess it's a good thing that it's a little too sweet but still... I would have liked less sugar.
Tasty, slightly different flavors then other brands, but good. In all other respects good purchase. Hard to find in US so I am not too picky.
This sauce is excellent for authentic Chinese dishes! My wife is from China and we love to use this product to make Hot Pot and Ma Po Tofu.
Bought this as a joke to give to a friend that is a beer connisseur (sp) for his dog.  The dog didn't really care one way or the other and tried to give some to my dog and he also turned up his nose.  Not sure, but it appears to have a very salty, brothy smell that could be the reason for the turned up doggy noses.  However, it was cute to put into staged pictures of the dogs with the plastic bottles looking like they were hung over, along with their master!
I bought this as a gift for my boyfriend and his roomates' dogs. It looked really cute in the package but left the dogs exremely gassy. They are a german shepard, pitbull and a retreiver at fairly large sizes but it was a little rough on the tummy so use lightly.
I use this for iced tea and it is just so much better than American teas - it just plain is!  It is all I buy, and now I get it for others too.  Look no further.
I'm a big black tea drinker and have tried a lot of different brands out there, and I find that PG makes the best black tea. It's nice and strong, not like crappy Lipton black tea. We've been loyal to the PG brand black tea for over a year now - it's a little pricier than other brands, but definitely worth it if you enjoy black tea.
I find it is difficult to find black tea in the United States that is of decent quality.  I love PG Tips.  It brews up nice and rich and is reasonably priced.
I really love this tea and have found that my daughter and daughter-in-law feel the same!  I've used the loose leaf tea for years but find the convenience of the bags encouraging.
Love this tea...especially love triangle bags more flavor & the tea is what I remember it to be...Happy<br />Came right on time in great shape...Happily enjoying my PG TIPS!<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001EQ5JLE">PG Tips Black Tea, Pyramid Tea Bags, 240-Count Boxes (Pack of 2)</a>
Love PG Tips tea.  It's hard to find in the USA, but a standard in the UK.
I baked my first batch of these muffins and was pleased that they were so easy to make and tasted so good.  Then I stored them in the refrigerator since gluten free home baked goods are notorious for molding.  I ate one straight out of the frig and it was great!  I guess the flavors melded together after being stored a few hours.  I finished the batch one at a time out of the frig without re-heating any of them.  They were so good that way I couldn't bring myself to try them any other way.  :)<br /><br />Our family has been navigating the area of gluten free eating for over 10 years.  The choices just keep getting better as more companies are becoming aware of celiac disease.  I have created an astore through Amazon that has the gluten free items we have had the pleasure of trying. [...]
If people would read the ingredients they would be less critical of the end product.  I only tried them as pancakes and they lent themselves most excellently. I used an Erythritol instead of sugar and they tated great and cooked very well.  I did not even use a blender to mix.
I couldn't get these to work for muffins, so I decided to try the pancakes and wasn't disappointed. They come out perfectly raised every time. I like to make these without any sugar in the batter. The flax makes it very bitter, but I like them like that with lots of butter. However, if you just add some syrup on top, it extinguishes the bitter taste on contact. Give these a try!
These muffins will not win any prizes for flavor.  I agree with other reviewers that the aftertaste is somewhat bitter and compared to (at least what I remember of) real muffins with sugar, gluten, eggs, butter, and that other good stuff they are quite fine.<br /><br />I do not eat gluten, derivatives of sugar cane, eggs, soy, dairy, corn . . . I could go on but you get the idea.  In order to use this mix I had to make substitutions and was delighted with what tastes like a treat to me.  Aside from the fact that I don't have to measure out three kinds of flour to make something from scratch, the best thing about these muffins is the texture.  Texture is a challenge absent gluten, sugar, and eggs, and I found this to be very much like how I remember muffins.  The bits of dried apple make these chewy and kind of weirdly so.<br /><br />Overall, I am pleased with my purchase.
I have 2 children with food allergies, so I have to use egg, milk and butter substitutions for these muffins, and it works well.  I add a little more sugar to the mix and top the muffins with a brown sugar and pecan mixture before I bake them.  All my kids love them!  You can top with just brown sugar if you cannot have or do not like pecans.  I love these muffins as well!
Folks who are comparing this to Hodgson's blueberry muffin mix obviously don't require gluten-free products (since the blueberry are whole wheat muffins). If, like me, you require gluten free, this is a great product. This is the first flavorful GF baked good I have stumbled upon. Very simple and quick to make. Like all GF products, they are pretty dense in the end, but the apples make for a nice addition and they fill you up. Personally, I added a bit more "sugar" (xylitol) than the recipe calls for. Next batch, I will also add some fresh apples and extra cinnamon. My only complaint is that you get so little out of the box (makes 6 small muffins).
These muffins were very good made according to the recipe on the box, but when I changed the recipe a little, by substituting almond milk for the 2% milk, and extra virgin olive oil for the butter, they were great!  Next time, I am going to try adding some grated carrots and not adding the sugar.  Thank you Hodgson Mill for a wonderful gluten free product.
My family really liked these muffins.  I also made them while on vacation at my sister's house, and her family loved them.  I just got back from a Bible study full of pretty picky eaters, and they all said they were good.  They're usually pretty honest about how the gluten-free food I take tastes, even telling me once that some store-bought cookies I took tasted like cardboard.<br /><br />I did notice a VERY SLIGHT bitter aftertaste, but it was not too bad.  I think next time I make these I may take the advice of one other reviewer and add a grated apple for that extra touch.  Oh, and I only added 3 TBS of sugar and think they were really good, as did everyone else who ate them.  I'm sure that if you add even more sugar, the slight aftertaste could disappear altogether.<br /><br />I just went to the Hodgson Mills website and saw that they did recently change the formulation to this mix, so maybe that improved the aftertaste.  This mix does not have garbanzo flour.  They use sorghum instead, now.  I did not make these as muffins.  I found that one box is perfect for 2 mini loaves, which I prefer to muffins.  Very good.  I will continue to make these when I need something fast and don't have time to make it from scratch.<br /><br />Oh, and to the poster who asked about gluten free pasta, Tinkyada makes a great brown rice pasta.
I recently discovered that I have sensitivities to dairy and wheat, so I have been trying gluten free products.  I knew about Hodgson Mill because of their Oat Bran hot cereal, which is really good and soothes my tummy.  Consequently, I ordered Hodgson Mill gluten free pancake and waffle mix, as well as their apple cinnamon muffin mix.  Both have proven delicious.  Even my husband, who is not gluten sensitive, loves the pancakes.  I made waffles from the apple cinnamon mix this morning, and they were really good and very filling.  Not sure if the formulation has changed since the previous negative reviews, but I have no complaints, and I am very picky.  I just wish Hodgson Mill products were more readily available in our local stores.  If anyone has tried their gluten-free pasta, please post because Lundberg's rice pasta left a lot to be desired.<br /><br />Thanks!
Woeber's Hot & Spicy Mustard is oh so good!  I'll buy another case when this gone.  Makes a great gift as well!
It is great! I like it alot. Great price too. I think it is delicious. Top quality product in my opinion.
This is a nice mustard for sandwiches, potato salad, corned beef, roast beef or hot dogs.  I have yet to find a single Woeber product that I do not like.  They are all tasty.  I am glad to see that their distribution range has grown over the past ten years.
I started giving these to my daughter when she was 9 months.  She loved them so much her first word was cracker (while signing more)!  They dissolve in her mouth so I don't have to worry about choking.  And they are healthy too.  I highly recommend it.
We have to hide these boxes and pull them out when our one year-old daughter won't eat anything else.  She will always eat these.  Her brother and sister are always sneaking and eating them too.
My little girl will ask for these crackers day and night.  Bought a pkg of 6 and have used up 4 real quick.  I will be back for more very soon.
I LOVE these graham sticks.  They dissolve well and are super yummy (yes, I have eaten quite a few of them:).  I think they taste better than any other graham cracker I've tried, and they're organic to boot.  As far as sugary snacks go, they have pretty healthy ingredients. I like pretty much everything I've tried from Earth's best.  For those of you interested in how they're sweetened they contain organic invert syrup, organic evaporated can juice, and organic honey.  They don't have anything "scary" in them like maltodextrin or other such sweeteners.  Just vitamins and natural, organic products.
And they are good for them! With whole wheat flower and no high fructose corn syrup like a lot of other crackers.
My 1 year old loves these! Great snack! I've tried to find these at my stores and can't seem to get them very often. Love that they are organic and my one year old loves that Elmo is on the box!
I love these snacks because they are whole grain and organic. I also love the fact that they do not spill everywhere out of the snack cup like cheerios. I have also noticed that they do not leave a lot of crumbs, which makes Mommy happy.
I bought these for my  grandbabies because they are earths best and organic. They like them,but not as well as the cinnamon ones. I tried them,thought they tasted kind of like dirt.
Bought these for my grandbabies and they love them. I love them because they are organic. Only the best for my little guys. My big guys even snack on them.
15 month old loves to eat them on the go! They seem great for a healthy, quick, and easy snack!
My daughter loves these snacks and so does everyone else. I try to feed my daughter organic stuff and I'm so glad that Earth's Best makes a variety of snacks that she can have.
This is a very good snack that I feel great about offering my 10 month old.  She can easily  pick up the small pieces and definitely enjoys the apple cinnamon taste.  My 5 year old loves them as well!  I would definitely recommend these to anyone with small (or larger) kids.  :)
These are the only organic grahams I can find for a reasonable price.  We LOVE these and Amazon makes them a perfect affordable snack for my toddlers.
These are great crackers.  My little guy likes them a lot and best of all, they don't contain any soy or dairy!
I have a pure breed GSD and had problems for years with upset stomach, eating grass and throwing up bile in the morning and then would not eat as her stomach was too upset.  It finally dawned on me that due to throwing up bile in the am was that the food was not staying with her.  I even tried feeding her before going to bed at night and still did not work.  I tried Evo and I could not believe the change.  She does not get us up at night to go outside.  She was having 3-4 bowel movements every day and now she has 1 or sometimes 2.  I have had her on the Evo large bites for almost a year now and she has not been sick once.  It is the higher protein in this food that stays with her longer and has made all of our lives so much better.  Thank you, thank you EVO!!!
We have a Golden Retriever and had been feeding him the Wellness dog food.  He ate it begrudgingly so we decided to find something else.  I read the ingredients on the Evo red meat and was really impressed.  I gawked at the price but decided cheaper dog food isn't really a bargain if your dog won't eat it or get any enjoyment out of it.  The first time we fed it to him he pretty much inhaled it- and will literally go sit by the bag and look at it like it might just open if he stares at it hard enough!  I agree with the first reviewer that loose stools are a factor but believe with time that will clear up.  He is just so happy that we will keep on buying it for him, although I wish the price were a little more reasonable.
I have been feeding my GSD the red meat formula for about 6 months and all I can say is WOW. Before I started him on this food he had problems with skin allergies and being picky about food. Although the price for this food is a little daunting it is worth the price! You feed about half the amount you normally would since its so nutrient dense so one bag lasts us almost a month where a bag of purina would last us about 2 weeks. His skin allergies also cleared up in about month and his coat has never looked better and the dandruff is gone too. The only down side is when you first switch over it can cause some loose stools-but it gets better once their digestive system gets adjusted. All in all if you can afford to feed them EVO its well worth the investment!
When I got my dog I did a lot of research regarding dog food and dog food ingredients. There are high quality dog foods like this one out there, but you probably won't find them in regular supermarkets. While this food may be more expensive than other dog foods, it is well worth it. Innova Evo is one of the foods that were NOT affected by the recall. Also, the ingredients are healthier, and don't have high wheat/grain content or nasty additives.<br /><br />My Doberman used to have a lot of dandruff and had some skin problems. Also her poop was really mushy, almost diarrhea. When I finally switched her to Innova Evo Red Meat I'd wished I'd done it sooner. She doesn't need to eat quite as much, and her coat is beautiful! No more dandruff problems and her skin is great.
We have two Great Danes and it is very hard for us to keep the weight on them.<br /><br />EVO is the first dog food that both of them enjoys.  I dearly enjoy not having to chase them down and make sure that they eat.<br /><br />I have also notice that our older Dane is more active since he has been eating EVO. We feed them a mixture of the Innova EVO Red Meat and Innova EVO Large Bite Dry Dog Food.
I have a 2 1/2 year old 60 pound German wirehair pointer.  We feed this food during hunting season due to his increased metabolic needs.  He burns so many calories, he eats 8 cups of this food a day (with zeal).  We use the large bites to help keep the tarter and plaque off of his teeth (and to slow his eating).  Due to the high quality of this food, he can keep up his energy, keep his weight up, and recover more quickly from scrapes/bumps from running the field.  Our vet's exact words were, "Your dog is an example of perfect health."  You may think the price on this food is high, but it is worth it.  You get what you pay for.  Also, consider the canned version of this food.  It is a nice way to feed/hydrate a dog after a long day hunting - just give them an hour to settle down first.  On a side note, we feed Diamond Naturals Beef and Rice in the off season.  We have no digestive issues transitioning from one to the other (we switch over a period of a few weeks).
Complete, protein-based nutrition.  My dogs love this...although I'm not sure the pibble actually tastes it, she inhales it so fast.  ;)<br /><br />Regarding the other users who have had diarrhea issues:  My gastro-picky GSD (is that a word? I think other GSD owners will understand!) has had this as well.  Initially, I overfed this food, thinking that he needed to be eating the same amount as he had been eating the other stuff.<br />You feed MUCH less of this product.  It is nutrient-dense, and not all filler like other foods.  If you over-feed, you increase the risk of unpleasant side effects.<br /><br />It's a bit pricey, and I haven't broken down the cost per day, but since you feed less it might be competitive with other brands if someone was inclined to "run the numbers".
My wife switched our dogs to this food about 4 months ago and she has virtually gone from vacuuming daily to once a week.  The dogs hardly shed at all anymore. No more brushing needed and their coats are very soft and shiny.  We have used other grain free foods previously and liked them but this one is definitely the best we have tried.  It's pricey but we are able to feed them 1/2 of what we were using on the other foods and still maintain the same weight.  This food is well worth the price and the dogs love it.
This was a new food for my dog, and he seems to have adjusted very well to this product. Thank you, and I wish there were more coupons available for this item.
My husband and I are not coffee drinkers, but we love hot chocolate. We hated the time it took to heat up the water,and the mess the dry mix sometimes makes. We saw that the Keurig coffee maker did other things like hot chocolate and tea, liked that it was almost instant hot water, and bought one. I ordered another brand of hot chocolate k-cup, and absolutely hated it. It had a weird almost metallic taste that was not sweet or chocolately. I was worried I wasted my money on a maker I would never use. I decided to try another brand and purchased the Cafe Escapes Dark Chocolate Cocoa, and we absolutely love it! It is sweet and chocolately without being too bitter(which is why I originally steered away from the dark chocolate). I fully recommend this product!!
Even my kids like this. They are always asking for hot cocoa. Its not too sweet and very chocolaty. It is not super high in sugar or calories so its a great little treat. Enjoy!
Good tasting and the pricing is pretty good. It's always sold out on Keurig.com, so I come here to make this purchase, I love Dark Chocolate! Reason for 4 stars, the pricing isn't great but it's okay.
This is a wonderful Dark Chocolate flavor.  Much deeper flavor than the Milk Chocolate.  The Milk Chocolate is good but does not have this deep flavor.  Will be buying this again.!!!
The hot chocolate K-Cups don't work like the coffe K-Cups.  The coffee K-Cups have a screen inside the cup to keep the coffee grounds in the K-Cup, it also makes the last drop of liquid to fall into your cup as much coffee as the first drip.  These Cafe Escape Hot Cocoa K-Cups don't have a screen the chocolate powder empties out of the K-Cup as fast as it can, so that the last amount of water to come out of the Keurig is mostly water and it sits on the top of your cup.  So STIR it before drinking it, otherwise all you taste is the sweetener.  Also these K-Cups are made for 8 oz serving size, so use the appropriate cup size for your taste.
This seems to be the best brand that I have tried.  Others have been very weak in flavor, but not htis one.  I would truly recommend this for Moms who have small children and need the hot chocolate after playing in the snow.  Grab the marshmellows and enjoy!  Grammie Smith (6 grandkids)
This is a much better Hot Chocolate than some of the reviews would have you believe.  My wife does NOT drink coffee (calls it "Yuck") and I am very particular about my coffee, BUT we agree that this is an absolutely delightful hot chocolate.  I use a medium cup size setting and it seems to be the best one for this brew.  This chocolate comes in as a not so close second to some of the great hot chocolates we have had while traveling Europe, however this did save us airfare. But this is not at all bad for an instant cup of pleasure.  Adding marshmallows or topping with whipped cream would take it over the top.<br /><br />If you are one of the ones who wants to throw yours away, please send my way.  I will get rid of them for you.  Thanks!)<br /><br />I got this product directly from Keurig as one of my two free when I registered my new brewer and purchased two.  Could not beat that price here, but at normal prices, this is the deal.<br /><br />From the package: 60 Calories, 2g fat, 11g Carbohydrate, 1g Fiber, 7 G sugar, 1g protein.  Ingredients: Sugar, Alkalized Cocoa powder, creamer (and all of those ingredients, etc.
These bites are 'just enough' for a snack. They are delicious and the price is very reasonable! I will definitely purchase from this company again.
I tried this brand first and I must admit I became spoiled because subsequently I went to Whole Foods to try and buy a bunch more. I had to get Navitas and found they were smaller, drier and less flavorful. So here I am -- this brand's golden berries are large, with a wonderful more succulent texture. The only problem is sometimes I get the seeds stuck in my teeth! They have tiny white seeds like raspberries but the berry itself resembles a large golden raisin. The flavor is very strong and captivating -- like a lemon with the tartness strength of a cranberry. Within days of incorporating golden berries into my diet I have noticed my insides are thanking me. Golden berries are naturally very anti-inflammatory. They have an addicting flavor that I will gladly continue to feed into.
Imagine if you made a craisin out of a berry that tasted like a lemon instead of cranberry. These are very tart, which I love. I eat whole lemons so tart is fine by me. These are not super sweet either, which is refreshing.
Both my boys have autism and are on strict GFCF diets.  The foods by ENER G are very good.  These cookies, although rather crumbly, are delicious!<br /><br />My youngest son calls them 'white cookies'.  I am a VERY picky eater - but do enjoy eating a white cookie with him!  You should try them with some chocolate melted on them...oooh divine :)
These cookies are delicious. My grandaughter ate a whole package the first time she tried them. She has several food allergies and finding a delicious sweet treat is almost impossible. I will be reordering soon because she has gone through the whole box already and has requested more. I am so thankful to have found this product.
Slightly crumbly, but overall a very good cookie.  In my opinion very similar to Chips Ahoy but more airy, less dense.
Like a lot of gluten free foods there is a tendancy to crumble, but these arrived in very good condition.  The vanilla flavoring stands out.  Very good for light snacking or dessert.
son is gluten free, but not fun and tasty free, so these are great!!! I put<br />his icecream on these for a COOL snack.  Taste good to him too just plain.
My husband eats GF, and I don't, and its so hard to find him goodies, and hes always tempted to eat mine. Now he has some thing I'm tempted to eat, I thought they were ok cold but if heated up they really taste yummy.
I am addicted to these cookies.  They taste much better than the regular ones.  The only draw back is, that they should be available in smaller packages - to avoid binge eating.
I read the nine reviews that preceded me and wondered how a product depending on a person's taste could consistently receive five stars.  Is something suspicious here?<br /><br />Nope!  Here's the tenth five-star rating in a row, and I'm tough.  This is the best sauce of its kind (or any kind) I've ever had; and I'm an old guy who's been around.  Just the right sweetness, just the right hotness.  I'd love to soak a chicken in it, as well as dip egg rolls and chicken nuggets.<br /><br />These big bottles won't last and I'll be back for more, fer shure.  Absolutely more than worth worth the little price, this stuff should be standard in every home, along with plumbing.<br /><br />And my sincere apologies to those other reviewers for doubting you.
This stuff is good. My mom gave me a bottle to go with some eggrolls and we were hooked upon first dip. The perfect blend between sweet and spicy, this stuff is so yummy that even people who claim to dislike "spicy" or "Asian" or any other kind of exotic fare find it delicious!
This goes down in my Self Proclaimed Condiment Queen Nation as a "keeper" I saw it in the asian market i go to for 2.50, a huge bottle, i looked at the ingredients, no preservatives or added colors, good, good, said it went with everything, also good, got it home and WOW, its amazing! Garlic, Hot, Sweet, I am a dippin fool now.
And I don't mean just for Asian sauces.  This is easily the best sauce ever!  I put it on everything.  It's gotten out of hand.  I go out of my way to see what else I can have it with.  My latest thing is pouring some over peanuts and coating the peanuts with the sauce.  Then I eat the nuts with a spoon to keep my hands clean.  Sounds gross but it's so delicious.
I use this in my banquet kitchen for so many dishes.  It is a perfect blend of sweet and a pinch of heat.  If you toss chicken wings in it, you will have some great bar food in your own home!  Another idea: combine Sweet Chili sauce, heavy mayonnaise, granulated garlic, finely chopped parsely, ginger powder, and splash of siracha - this will give you a delicious sweet chili aoli perfect for burgers, sandwiches, egrolls, potstickers, fries, fish, or even chicken.  Like I said - it is good by itself, but serves as a great base for other things (from salad dressing to marinade).  Buy this sauce in bulk as you will find youself using it on everything!
I love this sauce. Sweet but hot too. I use it on checken wings instead of buffalo sauce and with pan seared scallops, shrimp. It's very versitile and delicious!
This sauce is good, but for my tastes it isn't hot enough.  I have had other brands tht have a sleeper heat that makes the sauce multi layered.  This sauce seems to ahve one layer.
Once in a while you just want a spicy different flavor. Sometimes when I have a lightly seasoned or plain piece of beef or chicken, I put some Sweet Chili Sauce on my rice. Wow that perks up the whole plate. Other times I cook the meat without seasoning and add what every flavor I'm in the mood for when I reheat it. I've kept open bottles in my refrigerator for months without any problem.<br /><br />If you have never tried this, the sauce is thicker than Heinz Ketchup so you can slowly add sweetness and heat until its just right for you. Another way to use this is on steamed vegetables and you can add peanuts or sliced almonds just before serving.
The sauce was just fine. However, I can't resist flagging a particular piece of idiocy, in the hope that someone might be able to convince Amazon next time. The sauce comes in a pack of 2, but one bottle was broken. Yep, you guessed it, Amazon sent me a new pack of two, and asked me to return the unbroken original. It's only cost me a little time, but how much it's going to cost Amazon to ship and process that returned bottle, your guess is as good as mine. Is it REALLY beyond the bounds of possibility for someone to have split a pack and just sent me the one replacement bottle?
A really great Sauce but is slightly more expensive than in other stores. It is great for egg rolls or a dipping sauce for many chinese foods! It is also a great sauce to make Chili Thai sushi roll.
I've been using this sauce for over 9 years now. It's amazing. I use it on everything from spring rolls to salads.
I made crab rangoon and used this sauce as a dipping sauce.  It was great.  I love the fact that it doesn't have MSG in it.  It has the right amount of sweetness.  It is a little spicy, but just the right amount.
I use this in and on meats, fish, poultry, vegies, all purpose dip et al. It's cheap and very very special. I gave big bottles to family/friends at Xmas years ago and they are all  hooked. You won't be sorry you brought this sauce into your kitchen.
Here's a tiny consolation: easy Thai barbecued chicken! Cut your usual fryer in quarters, cook it slowly over charcoal or quickly in a hot oven, and then brush it generously with "sweet chili sauce" and cook it just a few minutes more. Most authentic with 'sticky' rice but also delicious with brown or red rice.<br /><br />In Thailand, people squat over hibachi-sized braziers on the sidewalks and sell portion of this sort of barbecued chicken. Sometimes they trot alongside inter-city buses as they pull into stations, and sell chicken through the windows. Don't be squeamish! This is a treat you'll remember. The same sauce will enhance the flavor of any fowl from blackbird to condor or whooping crane.
This sauce is very good on anything you cook or grill or you can use it as a dip for veggies etc.  It has just enough heat to make everything taste better.
This is one of my favorite sauces to have handy. With this order you get two giant bottles which should last a while. The taste of this is perfect! Not for the faint of heart however...
My whole family loves this sauce. I use it primarily to recreate a dish we had in Maui. It adds a wonderful sweet and spicy flavor to just about any sauce. Service on this order was spectacular. Several bottles arrived broken and replacements were received within days. Amazon service was fast, easy and reliable. I love Amazon. Also, there are many recipes that you can look up using this sauce that a very good. It goes spectaculary with coconut milk, vegetables, chicken or shrimp and pasta. We love it.
I purchased this sauce as it is the exact same sauce used at the hot sauce bar of Tijuana Flats (http://www.tijuanaflats.com/).  It goes amazing with steak tostadas but in my home cooking, it works wells as a marinade and as a condiment.
I was introduced to this sauce by a good friend of mine from Cambodia, who runs a Thai restaurant and bar.  I wondered what sauce was used in their ramikens when they served their delicious crispy spring rolls.  Their actual sauce was handmade, but I was directed to try this brand.  Since then, (about 5 yrs ago) my mother, friends, and I have all used this sauce on fried chicken wings, grilled and sauteed chicken, pork, spring/egg rolls, and even sushi!  I keep the large 25 oz bottle in my fridge year-round, and this is the best brand I've used thus far.  Not too hot for those not accustomed to very spicy foods, but is mostly sweet.  Try it, you won't be disappointed!! :o)
as mentioned...give this a try!  instant party food, frozen meatballs and this sauce... great on chicken, you name it...anything party/snack/happy hour food that you put sauce on would work with this.<br /><br />however the prices from some of the vendors OBSCENE.  $19 for 2 25oz bottles??  This stuff is $1.50-1.75 for the 10oz bottle at any asian grocery....
What I like most about this product is its unique taste. Just enough spiciness and sweetness to make it different but it goes with virtually anything. I haven't tried cooking with it but I can imagine it would add a lot to stews, soups, etc. It keeps well - the last bottle I had got lost in my pantry and was several years old when I found it and it still tasted great. It belongs along with the A1, Heinz 57, Worcestershire Sauce, Catsup, etc as a condiment staple.
I had brought this as a dipping sauce for dumplings and egg rolls I made at home. It taste's great and I think it the same sauce I get at some Thai places cause it tastes the exact same.
This is delicious.  It makes a gourmet cook out of a novice.  Put it on chicken, pork, steak...it is ca c'est bon.  I wish I could say it in Chinese.  We love it. We purchase it on Amazon Prime.  Saves a trip to the market. Makes a wonderful hostess gift.
The best sauce on the market.  We use it on almost any food product but it is especially good on veggies.
We cook a lot of Chinese dishes in our household and this sweet chili sauce is a MUST HAVE!  One of our favorites is sesame chicken, but we couldn't seem to get the flavor just right... that is, until we added this... YUM!!
I love asian flavor w/o the extreme heat.  I had this sauce w/ some wings at Mellow Mushroom in Knoxville, TN.  I immediately asked the bartender if he could find out the brand of the sauce for me because it was perfect.  Amazing flavor!!!
This is the best Sweet Chili sauce I have found anywhere. Some say its to sweet but hey, it's a Sweet Chili sauce and its supposed to be sweet. It has a rich full flavor that everyone in my family likes. Even my wife who can't stand anything anyone would consider hot just loves this sauce. I'm a pepper head myself. If you're like me and like a little more kick try adding some Sriracha Hot Chili Sauce to this and you will learn to love it too.
This is without doubt the finest sweet chilli [sic] sauce in the world.  I use it with hot or cold dishes, including chicken, venison or roast beasts.  It is superb seasoning for a plain rice, quinoa, bulghour or cous-cous.  Sweet, hot and authentic.  I buy 2 of the larger bottles at a time, refrigerate the open one and save the back-up as insurance.  Could not run my varied menus without this great red elixir!
there where plenty of times we had to eat out...but...then came mae ploy sweet chili sauce...now we can eat in whih the same flavor, exciting taste as being at one of the favorite restaurants!!!
This sauce is something of a permanent staple on our table!! Just about everything gets a dash or two, or three!
not truly spicy my 2 year old loves this stuff!<br />great on chicken, even chicken nuggets, for spring rolls- the crispy ones and even fries.<br />it's sweet and spicy all in one so very good
I go to my mothers home one day she cooked fried chicken and rice. I taste the chicken, it is good! That was the day I was introduced to Mae Ploy Sweet Chili Sauce. This sauce is Excellent being sweet and mild hot, will not burn your mouth or give heart burn. I will continue to purchase this product chicken, fish, and other foods are more tasteful. Try it because it is Good!
I use this stuff on pretty much everything. Turkey sandwiches, homemade sushi, scrambled eggs, chicken nuggets, and more. So perfect. Not too spicy, not too sour. Not too expensive either. Love it.
I first tasted this sauce when I was visiting in Alaska.  It was served with fish tacos, and was the perfect combination of sweet and spicy.  I couldn't find it locally, so I ordered it from Amazon.  It's available for a reasonable price, and is wonderful with fish, pork and chicken.  I haven't tried it on beef, but not sure if it would be good or not.  It's also terrific on vegetables.  I highly recommend this product!
Sooo good, I followed some advice and thought outside of the conventional box. Sliced up some cabbage and onion and sprinkled some Mae Ploy chili sauce on it with some Lime juice too, made a nice salad with a kick! also very good with cilantro and daikon.
If you have ever wondered what that delicious dipping sauce for the crab wontons are at pei wei, or the amazing sauce on Chang's chicken is, this is it!<br /><br />I love this stuff.  I discovered it while at a pei wei someone had left a bottle of this laying out and I quick snapped a picture, took it to amazon and found it. It is great on pretty much everything, as previous users say.  I was also in a Thai restaurant the other night and they used the same sauce on an amazing salad.  Try this on a do it yourself salad consisting of sliced mangos, lettuce, onions, and red peppers.  Drench those ingredients in this stuff and everyone will think your a master chef.
This is the BEST!<br />Years ago, I used it & loved it! Moved & could not find it again. I have purchased many hot/sweet sauces over the years, trying to find this flavor. Recently, I found it again at World Market....now I'm addicted! Everyone has mentioned great ways to use it.<br />My favorite....I use it on my salads, along with a little fat-free dressing. Now, I eat tasty salads every day, (without the cheese!).<br /><br />Sodium is 200 mg per tablespoon....and the amount of added flavor is worth every mg!
This is a great multi-use sauce.  Great for using as a baste when grilling - fish, chicken, shrimp, pork, etc.
This sauce is an excellent blend of sweet and spicy.  I love it with eggrolls, rice, just about anything that needs an extra kick.  Give it a try!
Mae Ploy Sweet Chili Sauce is the best. I use it instead of duck sauce. Check it out. Once you try it, you'll be hooked.
kids love the sauce on many things... great on rice, chicken, spicy & sweet.<br /><br />highly recommend.
Tried this sauce first at our favorite place to eat out.  Was very happy to be able to order some for our home cooking!  Great!  Spicy Hot and Sweet!
I love this stuff.  I put it over chicken and even steaks.  It's very sweet, and just a bit spicy.  Just a little goes a long way.
I did not purchase this product off of Amazon. I purchased the 12 oz. bottle at a local store, and I must say it's one of the most addicting sauces I have ever had! I'm a pretty picky eater, and a vegetarian at that, so sauces play a key role in making an average meal a great one. This sauce is ALMOST perfect. It's very sweet, and has a strong garlic taste at first. It isn't as thick as the Red Hot brand, which I didn't like much at all (thick, not as flavorful, way too chunky). This sauce would be appropriate for children who like a little kick for their chicken nuggets and what not. My son loves spicy food just like his mommy. Another plus is there are only 70 calories in 2 tablespoons, and that much sauce goes a long way. 1 gram of fiber, too! The only thing I have a hard time with, and this is just a personal issue, is the texture of the red chilli. They tastes great, but they have a very thin, clear "skin" that has this horrible crunchy texture on some of the pieces. Not all, just some. I get it stuck in my mouth and on my teeth and it hits a nerve that makes me feel a bit queasy. Still, I eat it anyway lol and will continue to do so because this is one of the best sauces I have EVER tasted! I would recommend anyone to try this sauce first, and then try others if you are not fully satisfied. This sauce is amazing. It was about $1.50 at the store for 12 oz. but if you like the easiness of ordering online or can't find it near you, know that I would pay Amazon's price for it any day! Buy this sauce. I don't care where or how, just buy it. You'll fall in love!
Mae Ploy Sweet Chili Sauce is becoming a standard condiment on my dinner table. It has just the right blend of sweet and heat; Mae Ploy enhances the taste of all meat and fish foods. Catsup is almost a condiment of the past. Salsa and Mae Ploy are the answers!
I have been using this curry paste for several years now, and it makes a great dish. Although it doesn't beat eating Indian out, its the best paste I have used for at home dishes. Even though this is a "hot" paste, I would consider it mild.
Patak's sauces have many uses but I always make a basic chicken curry.  A friend from India taught this recipe to me, and now I always have a jar or two on hand.  If you want you can get one of the Indian pickles/relishes as a garnish.  This is easy but is a bit time consuming with all the dicing and sauteing.  Typically the recipe as written takes an hour or so from start to finish, and serves 3-4 adults.  I always make at least a double batch; it's just as easy and that way I have leftovers to freeze and everyone can have plenty to eat.  You can use any rice, but basmati is so fragrant that it is what I prefer.  Some Indian groceries have frozen Naan you can heat in the oven for an even more satisfying dinner.<br /><br />Ingredients:<br />1-1 ½ lbs chicken breast cut into 1-2" cubes<br />1 cup nonfat plain yogurt<br />Salt<br />3 tbs Patak's curry paste, flavor/heat depending on your taste<br /><br />1 (generous) tsp cumin seed<br />1 (generous) tsp mustard seed<br />1 small onion diced<br />3 cloves garlic diced<br />2 medium potatoes, diced same size as chicken cubes<br />2-3 carrots, diced same size as chicken cubes<br />1 14 oz can diced tomatoes with juice<br />½ cup frozen peas<br />2-3 tbsp cooking oil<br />Salt to taste<br /><br />1. Add chicken yogurt, curry paste and about ½ tsp salt to a bowl; mix thoroughly and let marinate while you prepare vegetables<br />2. Heat oil in large frying pan over medium heat until hot<br />3. Add cumin seeds and mustard seeds, stir.  They are ready when mustard seeds start to pop.  Do not let them burn.<br />4. Add onion and garlic.  Saute until soft.  Stir constantly or else it will burn.<br />5. Add carrots and potatoes.  Saute until potatoes are just about ready to eat.  You have to stir very frequently or they will stick/burn.  I do not let anything caramelize.<br />6. Add chicken/yogurt mixture.  Saute a few minutes until chicken is about half cooked through.  Lower heat to low.<br />7. Add tomatoes and let simmer until the juices cook down a bit, and chicken is cooked through.<br />8. Add peas for color.  Add salt to taste.<br />9. Serve over freshly cooked basmati rice.  Remember to soak the basmati rice prior to cooking or it will be hard.
Patak's makes the best curry around. I frequently use it in my Yellow Chicken Curry Dish which is a favorite with both my husband and seven year old.
I first drank this tea at Naniboujou Lodge on the North Shore of Minnesota, and bought a small packet up there. I was hooked, so after I had drunk the first bit I bought I wanted to get more of this tea ASAP. Was glad to see it for sale in such a high quantity here. I used to be a coffee drinker, but I much prefer tea -- specifically, Ashbys Afternoon Tea -- now, and I just gave away a bag of coffee I'll never drink. I never quite got why British people are so into tea, but -- whether this is a typical British tea or not, I don't know -- I now see why they'd build their afternoons around a high-quality tea like this one. Sublime.
The Gevalia Breakfast Blend is perhaps the best coffee I have ever purchased.  It is full-bodied, without being bitter.  It also is much cheaper to purchase through Amazon - with Free shipping for prime members.  Cant' beat it.
I've tried the other gevalia flavors and this is the only one i like (french vanilla stinks)> Its like your regular cup of coffee that goes with any flavred creamer
Have drunk this as my "standard brew" for years.  However, tastes change, and I'm beginning to sense that it's a little on the light side for my maturing tastes.  Nothing wrong with it - it's better than most restaurant coffees by a wide margin.
I was surprised to learn that Amazon sells Gevalia coffee, which led me to search Amazon for other household items at great prices. I wish all shopping could be this easy.<br /><br />Update: 12/24/11.  How can the price go from $15.00 to over $47.00. Yikes I guess no more Gevalia for me if that price is correct?
Stocking stuffer gift for family.  Love this brand & blend.  Full bodied, not too dark, not too weak.  Just right.  This has become a family favorite that everyone looks forward to receiving.
Everything that is stated in the information is exactly what I had recieved.  thank you
I purchased this coffee for my grandfather, an old vet and lifelong coffee drinker. He thoroughly enjoyed it and we were able to share many stories over a nice pot of Gevalia. I would definitely recommend this brand, especially this blend, to anyone that loves a good brew. Cheers!
Several Gevalia brand coffee's have been among my favorites for years....Velvet Noir, Signature Blend, Traditional Roast, etc.  The Breakfast Blend is my "go to" every day grind.  It's got a perfect blend of bold rich taste, terrific aroma, and full taste, with very low acidity and harshness.  Just incredible coffee!
I tried this coffee two years ago and found it much better then other brands of coffee I had had before. Since then I have been buying Gevalia coffee at Amazon. Amazon offers a good price, even lower than that on the Gevalia online store.
The breakfast blend has always been one of my personal favorites from Gevalia.  Gives whole new reason to getting up early on Saturday.  Plus, the Amazon price could not be beat!
I love Geliva coffee.Its not bitter like some of the brands and it set well on my stomach.I have too say its the best coffee I every had and I tried a lot of expensive brands as well as the lesser expensive this is mid price and I love it.I will continue to buy this frm Amazon every three months
Gevalia Kaffee is by FAR the best coffee on the market.<br />Especially the Coastarican peaberry and the Peruvian organic.
Gevalia is the best coffee there is - always mellow, never bitter. I'd never drink any other brand.
I received a box of this for Christmas. It is really good. Not overly strong like most black licorice. It is indeed soft and it has a very simple ingredient list with NO High Fructose Corn Syrup like most candy:<br />Molasses<br />Wheat Flour<br />Licorice Extract<br />Natural Flavor (Aniseed Oil)
This is the best licorice ever!  Or at least the best I've ever had or can conceive of.  The only problem is that now that my 12-pack is gone, it's hard to concentrate on my work as I go through Panda withdrawal and cannot think of anything but Panda.
This is real licorice. It is soft, has great taste, and is very healthy! Love it.
I have been eating Panda Licorice for a number of years and it is hard for someone who loves licorice to eat any other brand.  This is all natural (which is what makes it taste great) from the licorice root.  Fresh always because of the unique packaging and the most flavorful.
THESE CHEWS ARE TASTY AND CHEWY. THE PRICE IS EXCELLENT FOR WHAT YOU GET. WE HAVE PLENTY AROUND FOR OURSELVES AND TO SHARE WITH FAMILY. GREAT TREAT FOR LITTLE KIDS.<br />PLUS THEY ARE GOOD FOR YOU WITH NO ADDED JUNK. JUST LICORICE.<br />GREAT BUY, GREAT TASTE.
This is what black licorice should taste like!  No artificial off-flavor.  No nasty artificial black dye to coat your tongue and teeth.  Wonderfully soft and chewy.  I took a box into work and everyone agreed that it was the best black licorice that they had ever tasted.
My daughter and I were looking for some real licorice and after reading several reviews about different brands of licorice we ordered the Panda licorice. We are very happy with Panda and will order again soon.
This is the best licorice in the USA. If you have a craving for something sweet, this is it. And so good for you. I Love it and the price is very reasonable. i will continue to order this product. It is always fresh.
this black licorice has great flavor and texture. Some are too soft and too sweet for me. Personal preference I'm sure, but I like this because it's slightly firm (not hard but not soft) and the sweetness is just right. Love that it's only 4 ingredients: molasses, wheat flour, licorice extract and aniseed oil. Price is good too. Compares to Tire Tread Licorice which is my first choice but I can't find it.
Just received these boxes rather than buying the bar type that I did before.EXCELLENT! They are small bite size pieces that are soft and flavorful. Really fresh. I did the subscribe and save and am happy that I did. My husband and I really enjoy this brand. The boxes are larger than I realized, But I still will carry this item in my purse for a pick me up and to have a handy snack available with me. The boxes have a open and close tab with a plastic seal over the product once you open the box. I can't find one bad thing to say. No dissapointments at all.
I, myself, do not care for licorice but my husband thinks this is the best licorice he has ever had and he loves the stuff.  I have also given it to two friends who are licorice lovers and they say it is delicious.
Panda All Natural Soft Licorice is a great snack for family movie time.<br />We consume it like it was water. It's the best snack next to popcorn.
This all natural licorice is very good -- I highly recommend it.  I bought this as I a read natural licorice is good for an upset stomach.
This is by far my favorite black licorice - and the list of ingred. could not possibly be shorter or better!  Now if I could learn how to NOT eat the whole box in one sitting...
If you deal with diabetes or hypoglycemia, please use real licorice products with care.  I ate some of this yesterdy (it was delicious!) and had to skip both my dinner insukin shots.  I also woke in the night with a reading of 66-too low for comfort!  So, if you have insulin resistance, please be aware that true licorice candies or extract may have an affect on your body.  BTW, I am buying more today to use medically.  (I just won't eat so much in one day) What a lovely way to get out of getting shots! :>)
Quality and delicious licorice! And this is the best price/oz I could find for quality licorice anywhere. Highly recommended, if you're into buying $30 worth of candy. (You can subscribe for the lower price and then unsubscribe no problem)
love it. eating it has got to be a ritual. taste is well balanced, nice and chewy without being overly sticky, leave a great lingering aftertaste.<br /><br />compared to gimbal's scottish dogs, these taste and feel more traditional, and much healthier too, given that only four ingredients go into them.<br /><br />out in the midwest, ann abor to be specific, i found these in the candy aisle for around $2.80 per resealable bag of 170g.
I got the licorice at a cheese shop in New York and by the time I got home it was all gone. So got on the computer and found and bought some. That's how much I liked it. I have not done the before and do not regret buying it. Yummmmmm.
If you liked licorice as a child, this is a dream come true.  It is soft, and the taste rolls off the back of your tongue---but you can't eat just one (box).
I love this licorice and as someone with a lot of food allergies, I appreciate that it only has four ingredients.
The Panda black licorice is an excellent product.  The raspberry flavor tastes mostly like molasses.  This is fine if you value an all natural product, but it is not what I expected.  The two flavors that I bought have all been consumed so they tasted good.
Some licorice products leave the teeth with a black film but not so with the Panda soft licorice chews.  It is a delicious licorice product that improves with age, in my opinion.  The candy from a freshly opened box is very soft and tends to stick in the teeth more than candy from a box which has been opened and closed for several days because it hardens as air circulates around the candy.  If I place it in an airtight container, it remains soft, but I really love it as the texture changes.  The flavor is consistently delicious and it is now my licorice of choice.  I was expecting the box to contain a plastic bag but it simply has a plastic seal along the top of the box with nothing inside to seal.  Therefore, if you want your licorice to remain fresh, I'd recommend placing it in an airtight container.  I've also purchased the raspberry flavor but haven't tried that yet.  I have a hard time considering fruit flavored candies as "licorice," but enjoy the confection also.
I've always liked licorice candy and the best licorice I've ever had was obtained at Ikea. It was from Sweden. Yum! In any case, I've mentioned this around and then a box of Panda Soft Licorice appeared in my Christmas stocking.<br /><br />The Panda licorice is good. Real good. Excellent flavor. Nice and chewy. Good aftertaste. I'd rank it with the best I've had. It's imported from Finland and is made from all natural ingredients. In my opinion, it doesn't quite make it up to the licorice I obtain at Ikea, but it's close.<br /><br />Gary Peterson
This is by far my favorite licorice....to the point I have a case delivered on a regular monthly basis......an option offered by Amazon......a VERY convenient service......
this product comes from finland and is an all natural product that is always fresh and I have never tasted better licorice in my life.  This product arrived fast in a protective box and the price is great.  I will purchase another case now.
Nothing but good feedback from everyone. A very good classic tasting licorice product. We buy it on subscription and save shipping and a little money.
I first saw this product, Panda Licorice, at the Memphis, TN zoo at the Panda exhibit.  I thought it was just a promotion for the zoo. I bought some. It was the really good old-fashion black Licorice I used to get when I was a kid. Not the chalky no taste stuff most is today. While at the Norway part of Epcot at Disney FL this year I found the same thing. Then I realized it is a company brand name made in Finland not a zoo promotion. I bought some more. It cost $5 per 7 oz box. When I got home I checked several websites and Amazon was the cheapest. Pack of 12 boxes total cost shipped to me(there was a free shipping deal) Came to $2.50 per 7 oz box. It is totally delicious. When this is gone I will surly order more.
I love these licorice.  Get licorice flavor--not just sugar with some flavor.  Very satisfying.
I sent the Panda licorice to my brother-in-law who really knows his licorice.  He usually buys it by mail specially from one company.  His comment was "delicious".
This licorice is great.  It taste like the old fashion rope licorice. I will continue to buy it.
I have been enjoying this product for some time.  I buy it at Wegmans grocery store, I believe the cost is under $4.00 a box.  If you like black licorice you will love this product.
Panda licorice is great. It is always received fresh and is much better tasting than the Red Vines or Twizzler brands.  I highly recommend a standing order (approximately every 3 months) which reduces the overall price per box.<br />  Amazon is a very reliable and communicative mail order company. ALOHA!
For those of you who like/love black licorice, I seriously recommend this product.  i eat it because I love black licorice, and only recently found that what I have observed is now reported by nuitionists as well.  These is evidence that black licorice is an aid to those with constipation.  It comes in other flavors too, but the medicinal effects only come the black.
I am a fan of black licorice.  PANDA black licorice is simply the best black licorice that I have ever eaten!  Well done PANDA!
Not the best I've ever had, but good. The best I've had was expensive and from an English company (I can't remember the name). But this is better than the movie kind. They're not quite as moist and rich as the best ones I've tried.
Wimpy coffee drinkers beware, this is not the bean for you.<br />If you like strong, bold flavor, you have found it in Larry's.  What a great coffee,<br />Starbucks move over, Larry is in first place!!
i'm not much of a candy eater but these suckers are fantastic. sweet and long lasting. my whole family is addicted to this great treat
The first can that I got of this wonderful oil was packed in a poor way: an old, reused box with not enough padding.  When I complained the company was quick to respond - with an apology and a new can packed well for the mail.  I was impressed with their responsiveness.  The Merula oil itself was excellent - a great treat.
My review is of the Strawberry-Melon flavor only. I did not try the other flavors in the variety pack as I puchased mine individually.<br /><br />I don't usually drink these types of beverages, nor do I drink much soda. I generally dislike overly sweet, artificial ingredient laden stuff. Quite by chance I tried a Strawberry Melon FUZE slenderize beverage and really liked it.<br /><br />What I liked most was the pleasing flavor and the absence of sugar, although it does have sucralose as a sweetener (rather than aspartame). It was not overly sweetened and the blend of strawberry and melon flavor was for me perfectly balanced; I could clearly distinguish both flavors.  FUZE was really tasty, no strong aftertaste and no sugar "heaviness" in the mouth. It was honestly the first time I've had this type of beverage other than a Snapple Tea beverage that I would purchase again.<br /><br />I'm a little skeptical of the benefits of the micro-nutrients that are added to this beverage; L-Carnitine, Super Citrimax and Chromium. Perhaps it's a bit more marketing hype rather than beneficial. Nonetheless, I found this beverage to be refreshing, tasty and something I would buy again.<br /><br />It is a little bit pricey though. Compared to a 12-pack of store brand Diet Soda, which in my neck of the woods ia around $2.99 or a little over $.02/ounce, FUZE beverage is priced $24.99 for 15-18.5 ounce bottles, or a little over $.09/ounce. That makes it more than 4 times as expensive as the store brand diet sodas.<br /><br />In spite of the price, I would buy this again and would justify the price by considering this more of a treat rather than a water substitute.<br /><br />5 stars.
I don't drink a lot of sugary drinks and soft drinks.  I try to watch sugar intake and dislike overly sweet drinks.  By chance, I tried one of the Slenderize drinks and was amazed.  The drink is truly lightly sweet, using natural fruit juices, acesulfame-potassium, and sucralose as sweeteners.  Would definitely recommend to anyone who would like a soft drink replacement that still isn't as sweet as a typical "diet" drink.
I have been looking for a nice strong rose tea, and this is the one!  I've tried a number of brands, but they weren't "rosy" enough for me.  This is an excellent tea with a strong rose flavor.  No bitterness - nice and smooth.  I highly recommend this tea!
the aroma is amazing, like a walk in my rose garden, minus the bees...but add a little honey in the tea and there you are. Beautiful. Taste is smooth, full, delicious.
I visited a winery/vineyard in Tuscany where they sold Leonardi Balsamico vinegar as well as all the wines.  The flavor of this balsamic is so difficult to describe but it is smooth! I was used to grocery store balsamic vinegar and some "specialty" store balsamic vinegars.  It's like comparing skim milk (yuk) to cream - which would you rather put in your gourmet dishes?
There are two types of larger suckers sold on Amazon, I got the tropical ones this time. Just as good as the regular kind. These ones have a mixture of sour and sweeter parts. Well worth the money.
These Mega lollies are the best i eat 10 a day so they go quickly, i'm not going to tell you how many ive bought since Jan. 1 this year. They are great i love them.
I am addicted to this candy. Will try not to order another batch for awhile!!! This is my candy to eat on the ride home from work in traffic to keep me calm.
The Parisian Cafe blend is wonderful but it is too thick to fit correctly in the Senseo machine.  The box advertises universal fit but it is not.
Coffee has a great flavor and is not too acidic. Fits perfectly in out "Juan Valdez" pod maker that was purchased at Target several years ago! So hard to find these so was glad to find them on Amazon!
Smooth coffee, but a bit to big for senseo, interestingly all the other Melitta One pod flavors fit just fine in senseo, my fav are french kisses and vanilla haze.
We love Melitta coffee pods.  Makes a perfect cup of coffee every time. The coffee is always delicious, even the decaf blend!  If you have a coffee pod machine, try all of their blends...they're great!
I love coffee and at night really miss out if I don't have the decaff.
This decaf pod has wonderful flavor.  It is much better than their previous decaf "Skip the Buzz".  I'm glad they upgraded their product.
I had bought a Black and Decker one-cup coffee maker that used these pods.  It didn't work properly, but I have managed to use the pods with my old, stand-by coffee maker and am please with the flavor and convenience.  Someone had commented about a problem with some of the pods being sealed in the outer packaging.  I have not encountered that problem.  Overall, I am pleased with this purchase.
My mom has the Hamilton Beach single cup coffee maker and was using Senseo pods in it. They were too strong / bitter for her and I was searching for something else.  Found these and Wolfgang Puck's and decided to get both for her.  These Melitta Breakfast Blend pods are her favorite! She says they have a smooth taste and great flavor. Granted, neither of us would ever be mistaken for a coffee judge by anyone (I don't even drink coffee so my opinion means nothing), but she really likes these and is happy to have them.
this was delicious coffee for a great price which i could not find at any store in my area or areas nearby
Enjoying my Java Pods very much. Easy and fast. Medium strong to wake me up. I get positive comments on the convenience of making coffee.
Melitta Pods are an inexpensive alternative to k-cups  that also save in the amount of material you have to throw away. Buyer Beware: Pods vary GREATLY in the amount of coffee they have in them. These allow for a good size cup of coffee.
I've been using these for a couple of years now. I highly recommend these if you only need 1 cup of coffee.
This is one of the best decaf coffee's I have ever had.  I was ordering this product from another website but found that Amazon's subscribe and safe plan is the most economical.  Great Product.
Though London Fruit and Herb Company's Blueberry Bliss tea is one of the best teas I have ever had I cannot understand why Amazon has not begun shipping it out to customers who ordered this item months ago! It IS now available through other Vendors (i.e. Wendell Tea Company in MA) but not at the Amazon price.  If is's available to them it should be available to Amazon or they should take it off their inventory as an offering.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004A85G52">London Fruit & Herb Company Blueberry Bliss Tea, 20-Count (Pack of 6)</a>
I love peppermint, but find hard candy just too strong.  These melt in your mouth and aren't overwhelming and don't leave an aftertaste.
We bought this to use with recipes for our Tagine.  This is an amazing spice and at an excellent price! Will buy from again
Ras el Hanout is a versatile Moroccan spice blend that can be used for marinading meats (with a little oil and vinegar, maybe some crushed garlic), making stews, or just mixed with olive oil (and maybe a little crushed garlic) for dipping bread.  You can find many recipes that use it with a google term like "ras el hanout lamb recipe".  Note that it is sometimes spelled "ras el hanoud", so you can find even more using that.<br /><br />I first found this at the famous (and expensive) spice market in Istanbul.  This blend from Angelina's is nearly as good.  Note that there is no one recipe for this spice blend, and there are many private recipes with a good deal of variation.
I love the taste of this ras el hanout in my rice cooker for brown rice and quinoa. It makes the meal so much more special. Large size too that will last awhile.
This is a nice, complex spice blend that makes Moroccan food, but it can also very easily be used to give body to a quick "I don't know what to fix for supper" kind of dish.  It's a great emergency item to have in the cupboard!
This spice can be tricky to get good quality and this one arrived quick and the flavors are spot on, use it to marinate fish or chicken then grill it, love it!
Not sure it should be legal. We put this --and a few other spices I won't share here--on some lamb chops and just fried them. They were AMAZING. This spice tastes pretty hot by itself, which makes it a bit hard to figure out how a blend with it and other spices is going to turn out. The end result, strangely, was not hot at all. Since I like spicy, I would usually have been disappointed, but this was so good, I did not even CARE. Seriously--you have to try this. I ordered two other spices at the same time, neither of which will be getting a GOOD review.
Cannot consider ourselves experts on North African or Middle Eastern cuisine, or having enough experience with Ras El Hanout to say the aroma and taste is better than competitors.  But the product was extremely fresh and of exquisite smell and taste so am very pleased with the purchase.  Will buy more when the time comes.
I love these noodles.  They are really great for a midnight snack.  It's not really something that will fill you up for a dinner.  If you do eat it for dinner, you will be hungry later.  Maybe some people wouldn't!!!!  But, it just doesn't stick to my ribs.  I love them though and Amazon has a really good price.
This soup cooks up quickly and is very yummy! I really like the flavor of the seasoning packet and the way the noodles cook up, nice texture. It is very satisfying to me. I'm a single gal who doesn't really cook & am often in a hurry for my next meal, and I find that this soup really hits the spot. Although it does tend to be more of a mid-afternoon snack/light lunch item for me. It will tide you over for a while until your next big meal, but i have to agree with the other reviewer that if you try to have just one of these for dinner you can expect to be hungry in a few hours.<br /><br />Personally I LOOOVE this soup that much more because I had to give up the ramen cup o' noodle and some other brands i had been eating because I developed an allergy to shellfish and mollusks.  It seems that often these instant noodle packets/bowls either have some type of seafood in the sauce or they are manufactured on equipment that also processes shellfish. This one does not contain any type of seafood like many of the other instant noodles do. Another plus for me is that it's not spicy. I'm kind of a wimp with spicy foods, plus i have GERD/reflux, so believe me if i can eat it is NOT spicy. Just tasty :)<br /><br />One thing that bugs me a little is that i feel guilty about the packaging since the plastic bowl is not recyclable (in my town they only take 1's and 2's which of course these microwave safe bowls are never made out of.) Oh well, can't have it all....
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GEVGXA">Goccia Black Truffle Oil from Italy</a><br />i highly recommend this product, for the price, the qaulity is exceptional.  It brings on a strong 'sense of euphoria'
This black truffle oil from Italy is fabulous.  It's strong and subtle at the same time.  It's the best deal for exceptional flavor.
I've never had Sunchy Malta before (I drank a lot of Goya when it was available locally). Tastes similar to Goya, though with less of a sour taste and slightly less carbonation.<br /><br />I ordered 50 bottles in order to get free shipping. Said bottles arrived in 4 large boxes, with each bottle individually packed. None broke. At the time of purchase, this was the best deal going for Malta either locally or in stores (I've never paid less than fifty cents anywhere).<br /><br />Now, though, the free shipping is gone. Unless  Sunchy seriously expects me to drop $7.50 for shipping per bottle, it's unlikely I'll be buying anymore. They should consider selling by the pack or case if they wish to pursue the online business model.<br /><br />So, 5 stars for value and the quality of packing, with the caveat that I won't be buying any more until Sunchy figures out how to sell it.
After reading that corn (and of course pop corn) was heavily sprayed with pesticides and agriculture uses lots of chemicals in the soil to grow it, I decided enough was enough. It was time to spend a little more and get organic. Supplier shipped quickly. Eden Foods puts out a great product. (Edenfoods.com). Certified organic and pops up nicely. I use a brown lunch bag (top folded down) with 2 TB of corn and 45 sec. in the microwave. (Your microwave time may vary). Voila! perfection. Add some splenda/cinnamon/cocoa powder mixture and yum yum. (mixture sticks really well if you spray popcorn with a little cooking spray) Only 80 calories for 2 TB! No worries!
It is very good popcorn.  But I used a hotair machine so may not have been as yummy as if the oily stuff had been used.  Although I did pour oil on afterwards.  Why would I do that with an airpopper you ask?  Because the airpopper was a gift.  I really can't tell a whole lot of difference in the taste from Orville R. and this, but what I have read is this is organic and much better for you.  But the price is well...pricey. No I don't intend to buy again for that reason, but should my conscience tweek me towards healthier choice popcorn again then I may change my mind.
This really is the only choice when it comes to soy and dairy free baking (unless you want to use lard).  The Spectrum shortening uses palm kernel oil and has the consistancy of regular Crisco (perhaps a little stiffer).  It seems to bake just fine and if you need to be soy and dairy free I highly recommend it.
We have used this for all types of baking, including cakes, biscuits, and cookies.  It works great and is every bit as good as crisco.  Buy Organic!
This makes the best tortillas.  That is about all I use this for, so it lasts me awhile.<br />Mine cost about 1/2 the price as listed here, but it was on sale where I bought it too.
The 500 Mile Chai is just wonderful - the right balance of mellowness and spiciness.  I've tried some chai's that are a bit too spicy, but this one is very well balanced.  Great with almond milk and bonus points for it being organic (in as much as one can trust the "organic" label...).<br /><br />Compare to Peet's chai, I like the 500 mile better, as IMO Peet's is a little too much on the spicy side (although I do still like Peet's and some may prefer that flavor profile).
A fabulous variety of hot sauces with a range of flavors and heat. I bought it for a gift for my brother so I ended up sampling, using them myself. Truly flavorful! And hot! I use it in my omelets. Burritos. Nachos. Beans.
I bought this gift pack and really enjoyed it. The hottest hot sauce in the pack is so darn hot it had me burning for about 30 minutes and washing my mouth out with water for 10. Other than that one, all the others were really good. The wooden case doesn't hold the bottles well but the sauces were good. I would buy it again.
This is a cool kit for gifts, or a great price on a kit of Dave's Sauce if you use it at home.  A good variety.  My only issue is that the bottles do not hold in the wood gift box very well at all, they slide up and down until they fall out of the open spaces in the front or back of the wooden gift box.  I would buy again.
gave these as a gift to my brother. we are both fans of hot sauces so i thought i'd give this a try.  the wooden packaging looked nice and was sturdy enough that it could be used for storage/transport of the sauces.<br />my brother says that he liked the sauces, he would not share with me on chirstmas day so i never got a chance to try them.
This was a great selection of hot sauces, with a good variety of flavor. Each of the different bottles had a unique taste and each of them had a heat around the same as tabasco sauce. Oh, except for the Dave's Insanity. That will have you pleading for the sweet release of death.<br /><br />But the other sauces are very tasty, and very usable in everyday cooking. Recommended.
For the guy who love to saucethings up, here's the perfect gift and he will love the wooden crate packaging! Great idea and perfect gift :)
My son loved all the sauces.  The only sauce that was way too hot was the Insanity Sauce, use a teensy tiny bit when using.
I have been searching for hot sauces and peppers to compliment my cuisine and I finally found it. For those of you that don't like everything as Hot as the INSANITY SAUCE, their are others that are less intense in the grouping. For anyone wanting to use these sauces, READ the instructions on the bottles. Good job Dave!!!
Excellent Customer Service, Quick Ship, VERY well packed merchandise. My new supplier of all things HOT!.
Since I've had the Insanity Sauce before, I decided to buy my dad this Six Pack for his birthday.<br /><br />I tried all sauces but unfortunately I have to say that none of the other 5 sauces even come close to the heat of the Insanity Sauce, which is the main reason why I buy any hot sauce in the first place, to feel the heat!!<br /><br />For any heat lovers out there, if you were looking to buy this six pack, I recommend that you buy six Insanity Sauce bottles instead, you will be much happier if you do!!!
Since the factory burned down that made Firecracker brand pickled sausage I have had to get by with the individually packaged version which doesn't remotely taste like the kind I grew up with, not to mention they are half the size.  These are the best pickled sausages I've had since my last jar of Firecrackers a couple years ago.  I saw the crappy review and I had to show my support.  As a person who grew up on these things I definitely know what I'm talking about.  If you want burn your mouth out hot then look elsewhere but if you want the best tasting pickled sausage on the market currently look no further!
I have been searching for an acceptable alternative to the Penrose sausages for years and have eaten many mediocre and gross sausages. This is the best Penrose substitute that I have found.
Everyone who has tried this that I know absolutely loves it. There isn't a lot of heat, but for me that is fine. The flavor is spot on and reminds me of the old fire crackers (before they changed the recipe to dry sticks of meat probably made of orphan kids). I'll definitely will be buying this again. Only downfall is the stupid shipping costs...
These eggs are soo good i think im addicted they are so yummy and i cant eat just one i was very satisfied with this product and it was shipped to me so quick said it would take a week only took 3 DAYS!!! im very pleased and will always buy my goodies from this seller.
These are the best Beer Sausages I,ve come across in decades! They taste just like the old time sausages I used to get in bars when I was younger. If you wont take my word for it just ask 3 of my friends!!
Was exactly what I was looking for. Super fast shipping! A bit on the spicy side,but great taste!!!!<br />Would definately purchase them again!
These sausages have become difficult to find locally.  I was hesitant to purchase these online as they are in glass and are very heavy.  But when there is no other option...  So I ordered 3 jars and they arrived quickly and were extremely well packed.  Not everyone has a taste for the sausages so reviewing that is pointless.  But the company is great to do business with (and they do sell other foods).
This is good stuff, and hard to find in the local pet stores here in ne pa. One store carries it at times but runs out and at times I send for it through Amazon.com. The price in the stores can be very expensive, and the price through amazon is up in the air as the price fluctuates in the store and the shipping at Amazon adds to the price. I won't discuss price except to say if your dog likes it and is not allergic to it then you have to pay what it cost . My dog has lots of allergies and is not allergic to this so I pay what I pay.
I was nervous after reading some of the reviews about the taste of this and/or quality, but after having been consuming this for a couple days, I really do enjoy it!  Initially I thought it would be gross, but it really wasn't!  It is nice with the fruit in it, and has a kind of "nutty" taste. Great shipping, great quality, amazing nprice, and I def. rec!
Zen brews up to an golden amber liquor. The aroma is sweet spearmint. The blending of this tea is excellent--spearmint could be overpowering but they use just the right amount of it. Slightly sweet spearmint is the primary flavor, then you taste a hint of lemon. The green tea provides an herbal base for these two flavors that makes the intial impression of zesty spearmint and lemon modulate into a substantial potion. Very nice and satisfying with a clean spearmint aftertaste.<br /><br />Remember that this tea does have caffeine--however, it does not say how much on the box. A good estimate might be 30 mg--compared to 90mg for the average cup of coffee. Make sure you time how long you brew this tea because if you brew too long it becomes bitter. Four minutes is ample.
Wow, I have to admit these are really yummy. I don't know how they did it, but they don't have that "imitation-sugar" taste at all. They're small little bars (slightly bigger than the normal hershey's miniatures), but for only 30 calories a piece, they are a perfect afternoon treat when you need something sweet at the office.
This candy is amazing!  Great tasting chocolate and caramel and still sugar free.  I wish it was for sale locally, but am happy I get a chance to purchase online.
Hershey "Sugar Free Caramel Filled Chocolates" are very good diabetic friendly chocolate candies. These are fairly small, but are very tasty.<br /><br />Sweetened with Splenda, these do not significantly impact my blood sugar levels or cause gastric distress.<br /><br />Highly Recommended!<br /><br />CFH
If you cannot eat regular chocolate, these are just wonderful.  YUMMY.  For diabetics and people who are choosing not to eat sugar (plus fewer calories) these are very tasty.
These chocolates are a welcome find.  They taste the same as regular chocolate but they don't spike my blood sugar.  I treat myself to a couple at a time when I have a sweet tooth.  It's great to be able to satisfy my craving without the extra sugar.  And fortunately the Maltitol doesn't seem to bother my digestive system.<br /><br />They're a little pricey but I found a great bulk deal at another online source.
It was shipped in a very nice package and I have no complain with the seller. My plant growing bigger and now I am looking for a bigger pot to transplant. It's good....if you are looking for a a workspace plant that needs minimal maintenance this is the plant you might need.
cool! I got it last weekend. I was suprised about the pot size, which was a lot bigger than the regular 4" pots. About the plant, there is nothing to complain.  Within a week, there are already new leaves!
awesome! I was looking for this particular plant and homedepot/lowes/walmart didnt have any, I ordered it online a little reluctant - my first even plant purchase online, but it is doing great so far! I am happy!
This is excellent green tea.  It is just a little spicy and very flavorful.  Green tea is so good for you, you won't even miss your morning coffee.  And..... you are helping children when you buy Tea District Children's Tribute tea.
I use this coffee in my espresso maker and all I have to say it WOW!  The espresso is smooth, with a hint of chocolate and slightly bitter finish.  It's the perfect coffee bean for espresso for me.  I hate that strong bitter finish you get with some espresso beans (like starbucks)and you don't get that with this coffee.  I LOVE IT and will be ordering more!
Best coffee ever. Still haven't found anything I like better. I have never tasted coffee this strong that wasn't bitter at all. Kind of pricey when you start working out what it is costing you per pound but cheaper than buying directly from Gevalia. If this company started opening stores, Starbucks and their bitter brews would go bye bye.
If I drank more than one commuter cup in the morning I'd probably need to back off the caffeine a notch or two, but this espresso (made in my stove-top espresso maker) is delicious and (almost) worth getting out of bed for.
A dark coffee that has no bitterness and is smooth as silk. Always use quality filtered water and a clean coffee maker if you want a great brew!
I am now on my last box (of three) of this Gevalia Espresso Roast and have been impressed. It does pack a punch like the other reviewer said. One double shot latte of this made in my Aeropress at 9pm keeps me up until a good 2am in the morning. ;)
I was given a pack of this coffee as a gift and it had been sitting around for quite a while (over a year) when I decided to try it.  It was without a doubt one of the best coffees that I have tasted.  Very smooth and flavorful.  I would highly recommend this.  After that I ordered a supply from Amazon. They are vacuum packed (I believe much better than store bought coffee).  I may try the decaf version of this to see how that tastes.
I love this coffee but I am not sure what has happened to the price lately I used to get this exact product on average for about 15 dollars and the price has skyrocketed to $40.  I am hesitant to buy this product again for this price
This coffee is splendid. I can't say much more. Perfect smoothness, not at all bitter.. just the perfect dark coffee.
My husband jut loves this coffee!  I purchased it for him and I actually loved it.  I am a HUGE Starbucks fan but this also does the job for me.  I would highly recommend this product.
I bought this for my husband who has been drinking espresso all his life. On a recent trip to Italy we bought the lavazza rosa espresso and I was able to find it and order it on amazon. I bought the gevalia just to try something new and based on the reviews I thought it might be a good idea. My husband loves it and actually prefers it to the Lavazza.  I just bought another 3 pack. we use a stove top Bialetti and this is fine for that type of maker. Highly recommend!!!
I have been ordering Koeze nuts over 20 years now.  The quality is as good now as they were when I was given my first jar.  I gave these to my son in law the first christmas we spent together and when he opened them his comment was "these are wallhangers".  They really are the best nuts I've ever had.  Enjoy!!!
THE NUTS WERE FRESH. THE CONTAINER WAS FINE FOR THE PRICE. BECAUSE OF THE QUANTITY THAT I ORDERED THE FREIGHT WAS MARGINAL.
Koeze Colossal Cashews are most delicious  cashews I have ever tasted and they are HUGE.<br />They aren't kidding when they call them jumbo.  They  are so very flavorful.<br /> Order these and you won't be disappointed<br />(expect you'll wish you had ordered a larger size).
These cashews were what I was hoping for, they were large and very fresh. They met my expectations I recommend Koeze for anyone looking to purchase these especially if they are a gift. I was not disappointed.
I keep these on hand for car trips with the grandkids. You can turn a boring bottle of water into a flavorful Kool-Aid drink by just adding a single packet to it. Just open the bottle, pour in the contents of one packet, then close and shake. Each packet contains both the Kool-Aid mix and the amount of sugar that's needed for a single drink. Perfect size for a typical water bottle. We use reusable watter bottles with them, so we can fill them up with water when ever we need something to drink and then add the Kool-Aid.<br /><br />They taste just like when you mix a regular full sized pitcher of Kool-Aid, just in a single serving size. These single servings work really well for us since we never drink a whole pitcher when me make one, and end up pouring half of it out. These were such a great idea!
I have fallen in love with this tea. I am a british tea fanatic and Ashby's has superceded my tastes and expectations. Smooth, not to bitter, low tannins awesome taste! I'll take this over PG Tips!
The packaging is so cute on all of Ashby's teas and the tea is exceptional. I would recommend this tea to anyone.
If you have dry skin, give this a try. A doctor recommended I try this when I complained of itchy skin due to dryness. It's definitely more moisturizing than the bar soaps I used to use.<br /><br />As someone already mentioned, the packaging design is horrible. I used to keep almost empty bottles propped upside-down in my shower caddy, but then decided to use a pump bottle instead, which I refill.<br /><br />Dove -<br />If you're reading this, please redesign these bottles so that they are more user-friendly. In Japan, you sell liquid Dove soap in pump bottles, and you even sell refills packaged in plastic bag, which are far more eco-friendly and less expensive. Please consider doing the same for the North American market.
Yeah, I'm a guy. Just because I'm a guy doesn't mean I can't want smooth, hydrated skin. I bought this stuff on a whim. I love it! The scent is light, so as not to overpower. And it does make you feel a little cooler, as well as hydrated. I am no longer dry and itchy after a shower! I combined this stuff with a bodyscrub brush...WOW!
I'm a guy with hairy arms and hairy legs. Until I found this stuff, I was using various other body washes with my loofah. I always felt like I could never get enough suds and that the application seemed rough and difficult to quickly spread the body wash all over. Since I started using this stuff (for a few years now), I haven't looked back. This stuff is nice and soft and can create a decent amount of suds with somewhat minimal amounts of application on the loofah. It goes on smooth and ends up making my skin nice and smooth. And it rinses off nice, without leaving my skin rough. It works well, has a nice subtle smell, and I won't use anything else.
I ordered personal items for the first time from Amazon and I was very satisfied.  The product came shipped securely and the description of the product matched perfectly.  I will order again going forward.  Amazon has not disappointed yet.  I love the DOVE Body Wash!  It smells very fresh and clean and really keeps the skin moisturized well.  I have combination skin.
This was a great bargain, worked out cheaper than if I had purchased them at a wholesale discount store plus it was elegible for free shipment...BONUS
My wife uses this and she has no complains. It makes her smell nice and clean and it foams well. great moisturizer inside. I personally don't care for it because it feels slimy on my skin after use. I guess that is the moisturizer working. Very good smell though.
I just started using this product so I think it is too soon to rate; however, the order arrived very quickly.
High quality body wash that is very thick and lathers quickly and easily. It has a very pleasant, flowery smell that lasts for hours after you get out of the shower. You only have to use a small amount about the size of a quarter to last your entire shower. So even though the product is expensive, you will get a lot of use out of it. It seems that the cheaper, dollar a bottle kind I sometimes use only lasts a week or 2 because I have to use more of the product to last throughout a shower.<br /><br />I would say the smell lasts for around 6 hours or so so it's almost like perfume. My sister-in-law asked me yesterday, "You always smell so good. What do you wear?" I wasn't wearing any perfume of any kind at the time because it was very early in the morning before I had done my morning routine and I had to run something over there to her. I told her that it must just be the body wash. If you have ever used Dove shampoo or conditioners, it is almost the same smell.<br /><br />I am looking forward to trying the cucumber/green tea kind when I run out of these 4 bottles. I would totally recommend this for yourself or for any woman in your life: aunt, mother, girlfriend, wife. I know many women who would never buy this Dove product because they always choose their children and families over themselves, ie buying themselves whatever is cheapest. I intend on buying some of this for my mom and aunt to maybe put in a gift basket or care package for them.<br /><br />I also use this as bubble bath when I take a nice hot bath. Excellent product. A+ from me.
I love this body wash.  It leaves my skin feeling very soft.  It's not greasy either.  Worth the extra money to buy the real stuff.
Great product and great scheduled deliveries.  I get it for my youngest son, who lives in a group home. Not sure what they do with it all, but at least he's clean!
Very pleased this stuff smells so good. My roommies LOVE to sniff the shower after ive been in there. the first one got lost in the mail but customer service sent me a second one and upgraded to overnight delivery. So it gets 5 stars from me.
i bought this -4 pack of dove deep wash and three months later i am still using it.<br />i dont think i could use any other product.
I LOVE this body wash!  It smells nice, works great, and feels great on your skin.  Add in the fact that with the Subscribe and Save deal, it is a great value, I'm sold!
yes, i have bought this before. i like the smell and detest the bottle design. i do agree with one of the reviewers that the Dove does sell their liquid soaps in pump form in Asian countries and sell the refills for them as well. i would like it if they have that... but i must make due with what i CAN get at this point in time.<br /><br />i decided to redo the way i do my bath routine the way i currently do is so time consuming. it takes almost an hour to take a shower.<br />so i'm on amazon finding things to aid in my new innovated routine.<br /><br />like i said before, i have bought this product in Walmart but only the single bottles or double bottles that happened to be on sale. i love the product it makes me feel soft and silky. the scent is pleasant. not over powering at all. light.<br /><br />i don't buy lotion, they're often heavy and make me feel greasy or they feel weird on my skin. i am of the chocolate complexion so i tend to get extremely ashy because i don't like the way i feel after putting on lotion, so i buy dove body wash, deep moisture. i get clean, moisturized and don't feel greasy after i get out the shower.<br /><br />**EdIt!**<br /><br />i have solved the oddly shaped bottle problem, buy or find one lying around the house, a soap pump for hand soap.<br />i recommend the ones that have had hand soap in them as they are conditioned for everyday use and can hold a thicker capacity soap like this the manufacturer had the bottles made specifically for their product, their product is thick. i've read and heard that the ones you buy empty are for thin lotions and what not.<br /><br />if you use an old soap bottle clean it out first and fill with the Dove soap, and use in the shower, if you can find a 24 oz bottle (maybe from one of doves hair pumps rinsed out,) they're 25oz, big enough to fit all of it and strong enough for thick products such as this. (25oz eliminates the frustrating last bit at the bottom, anything smaller store the remaining in a drawer in the corner upside down so you can squeeze the rest in the bottle without fighting with it too much, by the time you get to that second half in the bottle it'll be where you want it and you don't come out the shower looking like you got into a fight with a Dove Soap Deep Moistruizing Body wash bottle...  XD
Both my husband and I use this body wash.  We both have dry skin and feels it does a really good job as a moisturizing body wash.  It is a little pricey here, basically comparable to store prices (Walmart/Supermarket).  I order for convenience, one less item I have to waste time at a store getting---with our busy lives it is needed so we tend to get many items from Amazon, mostly through the Subscribe and Save program.
Great for stocking up and keeping a few in the closet. I like to buy things in bulk and this was a good deal and smells good too.
I use this product every time I shower and it is great. I usually get horribly dry skin in the winter but this along with Dove lotion keeps my skin soft and smooth! the smell is good, not overwhelming and you get ALOT of product, the bottle is HUGE. Very comparable to department store body washes (I have Kiehls, chanel, and Shiseido) except a lot more affordable.
Needed the soap b-4 weekend. Ordered on Thurs and paid the extra next day shipping (even though I'm Prime) because no delivery here on Sat). Stuff came s promised on Friday and in good package. The price of the soap, like lots of other stuff nowadays on Amazon, was higher than local stores so ck prices first. Amazon aint the lowest, usually, anymore.
I like the item or I would not have ordered it, However, I ordered 100 and 100 was confirmed. When the order arrived it contained only 96, four short. Rather skimpy. I usually like to receive what I ordered and for which I paid full price.
This tea is what it is supposed to be, it is good, the packaging was good, and the tea is excellent
I've been using Lourdes Chimichurri for years - The stuff is awesome. I use it mostly when cooking fish but have recently started to put it in my family's sandwiches. We're also big fans of the guava and mango spreads. Highly recommend these products if you're looking for great taste without the preservatives.
I started using <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008EMA3AS">Lourdes Gourmet Chimichurri Sauce</a> on my grilled steaks and fell in love with it.  Now I'm putting it on my chicken, vegetables & pasta.  I'm turning into a real chimichurri addict.
I absolutely love this product!  I use it on chicken, beef and as veggie spread! Its also good in recipe's for a little extra kick!
I was introduced to the Blair chips by a friend. I mostly ignore potato chips because I really don't like them. However, these I like the most among all the chips in the Blair line. They are savory and can be eaten rapidly. The hot chips are good because they are so hot, I cannot eat them fast. I am so happy I cannot get them at local stores because I would eat them all the time.
These cashews are the best I've ever had and the containers they come in are the perfect size.
The content has been consistantly good. The calamares have been tasty. The price was also very reasonable
At my local Costco store, I bought Pace salsa numerous times. The salsa tastes feel rich and I love the jalepenos Pace puts in the salsa. Spicy, but not too the point where I'm sweating and can't enjoy my salsa and chips.<br /><br />The salsa doesn't feel watered down and this is a great "go to" salsa choice.
I have a husband who could bathe in Pace picante salsa, I wish amazon would put it on their subscribe and save program. I ordered two bottles and during shipment one of the lids broke and salsa went everywhere. Amazon immediately gave me my money back, I'm surprised my husband didn't eat the salsa soaked box for dinner.
The sodium and sugar (often corn syrup) in tomato sauces is frightening.  Plus, w/them you eat white pasta to boot but w/salsa you eat rice and beans.  Trust me - don't buy your sauces around your meals, get salsa and plan meals around it.<br /><br />They arrived in a day or two and the bottles were shiny and fresh, I was afraid of warehouse dust and old stock.  The vendor did really well.
These are really great tasting cookies. I like the combination of peanut butter and chocolate. A nice change from the usual chocolate chip cookies.
These arrived fresh and in very good shape, Just like buying from the local store only cheaper and delivered to my door!
I was looking for snacks to buy in bulk for school lunches and this fit the bill perfectly.  It helped that my 7 year old loves Chips Ahoy, but for convenience alone, this was a great purchase since I have free shipping through Amazon Prime.
The Price is great, The serving is just right for a snack, and ITS A COOKIE. Buy a bunch and they send it to your house!!
These cookies are both yummy and well priced. I recommend them. Other cookies I like are Mrs. Fields(packaged), Chips ahoy soft baked, fig newtons, oreos, and elf cookies.
This is not a gourmet chocolate chip cookie, but is the best chocolate chip cookie that we have found in the grocery store. It is not too firm or soft, has a good amount of flavorful chocolate chips, and makes for a nice snack or dessert. We have eaten these for years in my house.
It's a lot of cookies, but the price is very good compared to the local grocery store.  The packages were in good shape and the cookies were fresh.  My order from January 25th has an expiration date of April 28th.  Not bad, but I would have preferred a later expiration date.  Other than that, no problems.  Exactly the same Chips Ahoy you would buy in the store.
Delicious cookies.  I actually thought I was ordering the white chocolate chunk cookies, not the chewy, but definitely enjoyed these.  The only down side, is these seem awfully small.
Exactly what I wanted...individual packages of cookies that I couldn't find at a store.  Shipping was only 99cents and came to be in about 3 days.<br /><br />It was great!
I really like the "crunchy" chocolate chip cookies . . . the soft ones are chemically softened and, I think, gross.  These have good flavor and are great for trips (although eating anything crunchy in the car is discouraged . . . wait for a rest stop!) and especially for preschooler snacks.
I have a bit of a sweet tooth. I've tried to ignore it in times past, but the reality is that I want--NEED--a cookie from time-to-time as a welcome addition to my brown bag lunch. These 1.4 ounce single servings make that easy without overdoing it. If I bring one with me I know I'll only end up eating one package and not HALF of a 12 ounce package! Single servings help keep the portion size healthy while not killing your soul by ignoring your need for some desert...<br /><br />Reasonably priced and shipped to your door, these are a great purchase.
Wow.  So far, two two-star reviews.  One obviously had no idea what they were ordering; the other wants crispy cookies.  Hey, I'm sorry; but these reviews do nobody any good beyond reminding us to look  before ordering.<br /><br />These are chocolate-oatmeal cookies.  If you don't like that combination, don't order this type of cookie.  I find the combo quite nice, really.  The oatmeal sort of "calms" the rich chocolate flavor and gives the cookie sort of a coconut-type consistency.  Now let's also remember that tastes differ; so, I've given my opinion.<br /><br />Then, these are soft, chewy cookies -- as advertised.  They are not "crispy" cookies, or the blurb would say "crispy," rather than "chewy."  I happen to like raw cookie dough; however, I don't see where these taste like raw cookie dough.  Both are soft, however, so is this the confusion?  And, yes, they stick together.  Soft cookies tend to do that.  They aren't individually wrapped, which would add to the cost.  Oh yeah, chocolate chip cookies tend to be somewhat sweet.<br /><br />So, if you want something hard and crisp, I suggest Nabiso's Ginger Snaps.  If you want a cookie that's soft, chewy and tastes like a combination of chocolate and oatmeal, give these a try.  I'm here to place my second order.
Sardines are a useful item to stock for times when you want to add a bit of protein to your meal without breaking the bank. I like that they are lower in mercury than big fish are, and high in omega fats. The skinless ones are much better tasting in my opinion--regular sardines taste a bit too oily, fishy, and strong to me. They are fairly neutral with the absence of added oil or much salt and this makes them versatile--I sometimes add lemon and mayonnaise for a sandwich filling, mix with egg, oatmeal, onion and lemon and fry for a fish patty, or add them to a salad. Although I think these from Roland are very good, I liked the Seasons skinless sardines, which are also sold by Amazon, even better for flavor and texture.
This is a very tasty product. Tastes more like tuna. However I believe the 35mg of salt listed on the indgredients for a 1/4 cup serving is much lower than the actual salt content. I use very little salt and these are somewhat salty. I also opened a can of Crown Prince natural brisling sardines in water which has a salt content of about 45 mg. The crown prince tasted much less salty than the Roland sardines. So I think Roland needs to be a little more careful about their packaging and list of ingredients. My guess is the salt content is comparable to a can of water packed tuna, maybe 210 mg or higher per 1/4 cup serving.
I like this product much better than the canned sardines I am able to find at my local grocery stores.  I buy Rolland and Seasons ( both sold by Amazon ) and in my opinion they are superior in both taste and texture.  It is a toss up for me as to skinned and boneless opposed to the skin on with bones - I like both - there are probally more nutrients in the ones with bones, which, along with the omega 3s is the plus factor for sardines.  They work for me.  I have eaten them since I  was a kid - I'll turn 80 in July. Incidentally, my cat is crazy about them too.
Sardines are rising in popularity as people discover more about their health benefits... and that they aren't so stinky after all (especially less so after cooking!).<br /><br />I've used numerous varieties of the Roland sardines: olive oil, s&b in olive oil, tomato sauce, etc.  The S&B version with low sodium and packed in water is my best recommendation/preference: a great value for the money, and practically a steal when you compare -per ounce- the price with other brands.  Then, consider the discount(s) when purchasing through Amazon, and it'll be tough to choose another.  Why?  Many other brands charge the same price as -or more than Roland- with only a 3.5-oz tin, whereas Roland includes more fish in the tin.  The quality is consistent, and the sardines themselves are quite succulent and versatile enough to be included in stir-fries, salads, pasta dishes, etc. without overpowering the other flavors.<br /><br />Oddly enough, I was half-mindful when perusing a semi-local dollar store which is renowned for carrying a ton of food items in my city.  I was looking to make some lower-cost and healthier choices in my diet at the time (not expecting to find these, of course, but rather turning my nose up at the usual crud I saw stocked there) when I accidentally stumbled across them.  At $1 per tin, it was a huge buy, so I tried a few.  The rest, as they say, is history as aforementioned.
Just had my 1st can of these sardines and I am delighted!  Big sardines in the can with a most excellent mild flavor.  Made a tuna salad...but used sardines.  Wonderful!  I have to say that I really didn't notice that they were low sodium as far as affecting the overall sardine taste.  Love the ones without oil as I don't really like that greasy fish taste you get with some sardines.  I just got diagnosed with hypothyroidism, and I read that sardines are good to help restore your thryoid function.  I'll be ordering more of these!
Roland S&B sardines are the best you can buy and believe me,  I've tried them all.  ALSO....Amazon's price is half what I had been paying.
After the doc said cut the salt, and tuna is expensive and pyekky with no sodium, and of little health benefit, I've been looking for eitzehs.<br />No salt?  Tasteless food?  I'll be a misery!~<br />I took this product, added some lemon juice and sprayed on some liquid smoke from an atomizer bottle I comanddered for the occasion, mished it up, and it tastes great on a matzah!~<br />I can even extend it a little bit by adding some shredded lettuce to the mix, and it is my fave breakfast!<br />Low sodium means getting creative.<br />Mustard, balsamic vinegar, lemon juice, worchestershire sauce and liquid smoke have been staples for replacing salt, though none comes close.<br />If you have another salt replacement ingredient to add, PLEASE! Put a reply here!<br />Thanks! Bitayavon!
Water based sardines without salt is.... awwfuul.  Not bad of a product here--far superior to the types I normally purchase at stores.
I love canned sardines and when they put me on a low salt diet<br />I figured that was the end of my sardines until I found these. They taste fantastic,the price is reasonable and you can at least have<br />something that before these sardines was not available to people<br />on a low salt diet. Side benefits as they are skinless and boneless.<br />Thanks to the Roand Co.
these are really good, the sodium is ok based upon the daily allowance. It is a great fast meal when you do not want to cut on the stove and it is really good when added to a salad. so far the  low fat sardines has aided me in my weight loss, I am going to continue Roland's product until I reach my final goal weight. They taste good, a litte coarse and dry but I normally add the juice to a fork full. I love them. I learned not to be too critical and enjoy the little things in life.
I've eaten a lot of sardines in my life and by far these are the best. The extra cost of boneless/skinless is worth it cos there is more to eat and less waste.  Love the water packed instead of the gooeyness of oil. Excellent
4.5. Just water and large pieces of sardines. Open for all types of combinations of which I find the old whole grain crackers, quality cheese, a particle of mayo and mustard and a hot cup of tea, the most appealing. They do lunch in a hurry and snack times as well. Solid product. Even drank the water in which they are laid to rest and not too shabby. Sardines are good for a person, everyone agrees on that. Even a Sardine sandwich sounds about right in the next few minutes (the better the bread the better the sandwich...) so yes, 4 Solid Stars and I am hungry for the product right now, come to think of it!
The product arrived on time and is delicious. Thanks very much. The price was very fair. What else needs to be said?
I buy skinless sardines packed in water to keep my intake of sodium and chloresterol down.  For about $2 a can including tax and delivery I feel I am getting my money's worth.  I cannot get these kinds of sardines at the local supermarket.<br /><br />Sardines are somewhat tasteless.  I put the sardines on salad and top the salad with olive oil and red wine vinegar.  If I eat the sardines as a sandwich, I used mustard, which also has no salt and chloresterol.
I have had to change my diet and now have better health. These are very tasty.
I've tried many brands of sardines. These are my favorite. Even with low sodium, they are full of flavor. Excellent choice.
These are the best skinless boneless sardines that I've tried and they are very reasonably priced.  They remind me a little more of tuna fish than sardines, but in a mild, rather than bad, way and are very firm for water-packed fish.  I especially like these mixed with salsa. They work out to $1.57/can or .36/oz if you choose the longer, but free, shipping.
I'm on a very low sodium intake- 300mgs per day- and these are great. Good taste and low sodium. I just put a little mustard on them and yum!
This is a favorite chocolate bar of several family members, made so by a visit to Germany. Hard to find in the States. Glad to know where to get them.
Yum!  I could live off of this stuff.  The peach flavor is refreshing and delicious. It's no longer sold where I live, and I really miss it.  (Can't even get it from Amazon.)  It's just too good to be discontinued.
I usually find the citrus sodas too tart/acidic for my tastes, and I find the black cherry Fresca too cloyingly sweet. I LOVE the peach; it's so crisp and refreshing without being acidic, and is just the right sweet for me. Other than ginger ale, it's my favorite "white" soda. I have been having trouble finding this in the grocery, and really hope it hasn't been discontinued.
I was looking for a low calorie cocktail and mixed a Rose wine with the Fresca Peach and it was delicious and I am not a regualar soda drinker and don't normally drink Rose wine. Make sure to get a Rose that is not sweet or you might as well drink Kool-aid. Look for off-dry or bone dry Rose's, maybe made with a Syrah, Cabernet, Merlot, Tempranillo, Sangiovese. Zinfandels tend to be too sweet for my taste, but you might like it. A sparkling rose would be great too. You can serve this with ice in a cocktail glass  or without ice in a martini glass.
THIS IS AN EXCELLENT PRODUCT. ID DOES WHAT IT SAYS, IT WILL BRING SHINE AND HEALTH TO YOUR PETS COAT, AND THE DOGS LOVE IT.
I was looking for a healthy alternative to regular wheat grass which is becoming harder to find in health stores... and this is not just for me! I also grow this in trays for my 2 cats who live indoors, deprived of valuable natural chlorophyll. All mammals need it, and we are now enjoying a strong, healthy organically grown variety which is easy to grow and lasts a long time. Wheat grass has larger blades than lawn grass which does not induce the cats to being sick. They crave it and are very healthy with glossy soft coats, their energy levels are better, and they are playing more. Both are perfectly healthy. Chlorophyll is kind of like eating liquid sunshine mixed in with vegetation. It does a body good! If you care about your (or other) bodies, then get this very nice product. The shipping is fast and it is packaged well. The cans are sealed well with a tight-fitting lid. Yes, I am going to continue ordering from this vendor again. They have exactly what I am looking for.
I wanted to give these soy crisps more justice than just the 5 stars (and ordering them all the time).  I bought a bag of these Sea Salt flavor crisps and a bag of BBQ crisps about a month ago, in a bid to eat more healthy food.  I've always loved BBQ chips, especially Ruffles and Lays K.C. Masterpiece chips, but they've got to be killing me slowly, right?  So I busted open the BBQ soy crisps and gagged.  How could this be BBQ?  They tasted like cardboard, and I gave them to my friends who will eat anything.  I begrudgingly opened the Sea Salt bag, and though more palatable, I was still disappointed.  (I know..."I thought you said 5 stars."  It gets better.)<br /><br />Anyway, I had sworn off chips and midday snacking, so for two weeks I saw nothing on the counter but Genisoy Soy Crisps.  I'd eat two or three here and there, and when I ran out, I bought 2 bags of the Sea Salt flavor again.  What happened must be akin to rebooting your computer or defragging your hard drive--my body forgot what those strong BBQ flavored chips were like, and I started craving Soy Crisps.  I began to taste a delicious roasted soybean flavor, like those roasted and salted soy beans they sell in jars, which I had completely missed before, apparently because it wasn't a sweet, red-crusted, overbearing BBQ powder.  I polished the next bags off in three days.<br /><br />Now, I'm ordering 12 here on Amazon ($1 cheaper per bag than my local grocery store which seems to want to punish my wallet for trying to eat healthy food).  My advice is this--give these soy crisps a chance, but don't mix them in with your regular Doritos and BBQ Ruffles or you'll think they're awful.  Stop eating, for a month, the oily BBQ chips that have deadened your taste buds for years and reboot your taste buds with these markedly healthier chips.  You'll feel better about snacking!
I found out about these from a co-worker. They are delicious, low calorie, and pack some protein. Eating these rather than my usual pretzels and chips helped me slim down. I get them by the case now from Amazon since it is a better buy (and my supermarket doesn't always carry them).
For people watching weight or nutrition,these chips are an excellent substitute for regular chips.  They have plenty of protein as well.<br />Amazon's price is much cheaper than buying packs at the local grocery store.
I love light crispy salty snacks, and Soy Crisps is the best one of those I've found.  At only 100 calories per serving/350 calories for the bag, you could literally eat the entire bag (which I do on a regular basis) and not feel bad about it.<br /><br />There are several flavors but Deep Sea Salt is my favorite because it is subtle and just enhances the natural flavor of the rice and soy.<br /><br />So delish!  Shipped fast with all crisps in tact.  Great purchase, re-ordering.
These are one of my favorite ways to eat grains  Plus they are a good source of protein.  17 chips per serving is just about right.  I wish they had a little less salt but for the calorie/fat/fiber content, they are pretty healthy.  Great with soup or salads or just plain.  I would definitely recommend these.
Just the same thing I use to buy in the stores but for less. Same great taste, same great package. same eveything because it is the exact same thing, Love is stuff. thanks
I am a huge fan of Genisoy Soy Crisps (Deep Sea Salted flavor).<br />I love the crunch and texture of this non-greasy snack.  The flavor is subtle and very light.  No heavy salty taste or greasy lips or fingers after eating.  I also like that I can really indulge on these and not feel the regret of eating too many calories.  Soy Crisps are my fav crunchy treat.  >^,,^&lt;
I love this flavor of Soy Crisps...Deep Sea Salted. However, they are not available in the smaller individual size like most of the other flavors are. My husband prefers the lightly salted ones because they are crispier that the sea salted ones. He's right, but I do like this softer crunch too. It sort of reminds me of popcorn. In fact, I don't mind the big bag on occasions...for example if it is a replacement for a big bag of popcorn while watching a movie! What a nice healthy treat!
I'm a big fan of the carbs, fat and protein balance of these crisps. The salt isn't overpowering and the taste is OK. I've had better soy chips (Genisoy Tortilla Chips) but these are alright if you don't like the crunch of a chip.
Stores are not carrying this product - thank goodness I can still get them!!!!<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000CMHMUC">Genisoy Soy Crisps, Deep Sea Salted, 3.85-Ounce Bags (Pack of 12)</a>
I love these soy crisps.  They are the perfect salty crunch.  I have a hard time finding snack foods that don't have wheat, corn, or some sort of sugar sweetener in them.  But these fit the bill.  They are *very* salty, tho. I like them that way, but if you're not used to it and can be kindof surprising.
These soy crisps are an excellent choice for snacking. With 7 grams of protein in each serving, they are SO much better for you than potato chips or other snack foods.They have a great flavor, just enough salt, and leave you feeling satisfied -nutritionally and snackwise ! My grandchildren know these crisps are what they will be offered at my house for snacking. I highly recommend them.
I recently found out that I am allergic to wheat and milk.  As you can imagine, this severely limits my snacking options.  My local grocery was clearancing all of their organic section, so I tried these.  They are SO GOOD!  I love salted & plain rice cakes (did before my diet change too) & these add an extra punch of flavor and crunch!  Yum!
I have a very bad habit of snacking that I can't get rid of. So I purchased this to make snacking a little less bad. The first time I tried it I was like UGH it's gross! But soon it started to grow on me. It's very crispy, without being a deep fried potato chip. It's lightly salted, and doesn't have 12 different fattening, unhealthy seasonings and flavorings. One entire bag is only like 350 calories. It's actually quite good. I really like it now, and I find myeslf reaching for a bag of GenSoy before any type of chip.
These are the most consistent soy crisps I have had. They are light, flavorful, and always fresh - and usually arrive in very good condition (not crumbs). They are a bit salty, but that's the only point that might be bad - just depends on what you're expecting.
These soy crisps are very filling and satisfying.  If you are looking for something with a great salty crunch, these are for you.<br /><br />They are high in fiber and protein, and that is great if you are trying to watch your calorie intake.<br /><br />I think they are great and recommend them highly.
I really love these snacks.  They are low in calories and fat while being high in protein, which is important to me because I am a vegetarian.
This has been my favorite soup since childhood.  I was pleased to find it available on Amazon.com at a very reasonable price.  Now I plan to keep a good supply on hand at all times!
Zomg these cookies are sooo good!! I just bought some at the grocery store today after craving raspberry sweets. Wow, was this more than what I was expecting. Between the chocolate, the raspberry and the cookie it's heavenly. They actually put a nice and consistent amount of filling in these unlike most store bought brands. I would definitely recommend them, and I will surely buy them again when I'm having a raspberry and chocolate craving.
I bake, so I'm rarely impressed by store bought cookies. This one, though....divine.  So divine. I don't like heavy chocolate, or dark chocolate, but I like a little chocolate. This cookie is the right amount pastry, raspberry and chocolate, and it's light, like a Madeleine.
My girlfriend and I bought some of this at stater bros for 4 or 5 bucks. Worth every penny. We use this on sandwiches instead of mayo. It is the best stuff. It's not healthy at all, in fact it is really bad for you, so keep that in mind.
I am a mustard lover, I eat mustard on everything.  Without a doubt it is the greatest.  Unfortunately you can only buy in a few stores "Beaver Honey Mayonnaise Mustard"<br />Maggie
I love this Beaver Brand Honey N Mustard Mayonnaise Sauce.  It is the best combination that I have ever used. Makes a great dipping sause for cheeses
Love this product.  Very flavorable to most anything.  Works great on lunch meat, ham, potato salad, more.  Something similar is sold at Honey Baked Ham locations, but this product is much better.
I bought the Blue Icicle because I had to quickly record some trumpet lines and I didn't have an interface. Well, actually, I did pick up an open box unit that didn't work because they couldn't provide me with the external power supply, so I took it back and got the Icicle as a quick fix that would get me where I needed to go in a timely manner.<br /><br />Hardware: iMac, dual core 2.0 GHz processor and 4 GB or RAM. OS 10.5.8.<br />Software: Garage Band.<br />Mic: Shure SM57.<br /><br />Pros. For recording trumpet with an SM57 it was perfect. Clear sound, low noise, LOTS of signal. With the gain a little over half way on the Icicle and about 58% in Garage Band I got hot horn lines with gain to spare.  Any hotter and they would have started clipping, so it definitely gave enough signal to get the job done.<br /><br />Cons. The gain knob has no dial or indicators for how far you have turned it - it has to be done by feel making it almost impossible to duplicate your settings exactly. This could be improved with a knob with an arrow and a marked dial so you can see where it's set. It also feels a bit cheap - it's lightweight and feels almost fragile. Treated with care it's fine, but I doubt it would take much abuse before it would break and I have been ultra careful with it because it feels so lightweight and cheap.  I also used it as recommended in the accompanying literature and didn't plug it directly into the back of the mic - I used it with a mic cable.<br /><br />For what I needed it was perfect - simple plug and play that got good sound into my computer, and it worked well in a pinch.  I just wish it was a little higher quality in terms of construction.  A bit heavier and a better dial for the analog gain, and I would have rated it a full 5 stars but as it is, I can at best give it 4.
This is all that I needed to make my condensor mic work! I have an MLX 990 and it works great with it! without this I was going to need to buy a preamp, and something that converted XLR to USB and a phantom power generator. This little thing does it all. It does exactly what it says it does, nothing more and nothing less.<br />I am not a professional recorder by any means I just wanted to set up a small studio in my room and be able to have my mic go straight to my laptop without having to buy a small soundboard. This might not work for someone who has a fancier setup than mine, but for my basic stuff it works amazing.<br /><br />The only thing I was surprised about was the size. in the picture it looks like its really small, but its really like 1 1/2" round and as long as my hand. It in no way effects the performance or anything I just thought it was noteworthy.<br /><br />If this was helpful please take a few seconds to hit the helpful button above. I would really appreciate it :)
I have several of these converters in my home studio -- the quality is amazing on both dynamics and condenser mics!  I had an Icicle that initially had a low hum, contacted Blue, and they said that the first 500 units produced had a low hum but that has since been fixed.  They sent me a replacement unit and it works perfectly now.  BUY THIS PRODUCT if you have the need.
The Icicle is truly a great piece of hardware. It's as simple as plugging your mic cord into the product and plugging that into your USB. The BEST thing about this product is it allows you to take your mic wherever there is a usb equipped computer. It is light weight so I don't know it's durability and don't plan on throwing it to find out. The Icicle comes with a gain knob which is a plus BUT remember with this is a 60 dollar plug n play tool so it doesn't have any other features.<br /><br />*also i didn't have the noise/feedback issue
Though this micpreamp has several weaknesses, I give this 5 stars because it's just perfect for what I do.<br /><br />I've been finding ways to record vocal in convenient way with good quality. Everyone told me I'm suppose to get audio interface for good vocal recording, but audio interfaces always ended up with frustration.<br /><br />After seeing several reviews of Icicle, I was going to return this, but once I used it, I don't think I want to return it anymore.<br /><br />This preamp is way beyond my expectation.<br /><br />However, like I mentioned above, it has weaknesses so this might not be a solution for many people<br /><br />1) it has no headphone jack for direct monitoring<br />2) no asio driver<br />3) only one input<br />4) does not look strong so always be careful<br /><br />If you are a person like me who just to need to record vocal conveniently using easy software like cool edit or audacity, you won't regret.
I tried this on both Mac OS X and on Vista (not on the same computer), and it worked perfectly with both. Although Vista was a little confusing, nothing more was involved than finding the right audio preferences.  No drivers in either case.  I recorded a short review of the Blue FOR each setup, WITH each setup, which I posted on my devnotes posterous com blog -- you can search that out and listen to both of them if you have any doubts about the sound.  The whole thing lights up blue when it's plugged in, so if you love blue, this mic's for you.  I have a Behringer condenser mic, about the least expensive mic you can find, but it sounded great before and it sounds great through the blue icicle.
I've owned this product for about a year already and it is still working completely fine; although, there was a few technical issues I had to figure out myself. There's no problem with the Blue Icicle itself though. There would be a problem when trying to install this with Windows 7. There was no problem at all using it with Windows XP. It seemed like it would install a different driver instead of it being 'Blue Icicle'. Instead, it would show up as 'USB Multi-Channel Audio Device'. It just didn't sound the same when I was using it with Windows XP. It sounded more louder with some feedback in the background. What I did to fix this problem was to uninstall the 'USB Multi-Channel Audio Device' driver from Device Manager, then unplug the Icicle and plug it back in. When the 'Installing device driver software' notification pops up, click it and click 'Skip obtaining driver software from Windows Update'. It will now be installed as 'Blue Icicle' and work like how it should be! Make sure you raise the levels up in Sound in Control Panel if the mic sounds too low for you, even with the Gain Control Volume up; it shouldn't be up that high anyways as it would have some feedback in the background. I'm not sure if I'm the only one with this problem, but I hope this helps whoever does!<br /><br />When I first got the Icicle, it sounded amazing and I had a lot of fun with it! I still do, too! I use this with my Audio-Technica AT2020. I use it almost everyday, whether if it's for music producing or online gaming with friends. And yes, this does work for the PS3 -- not sure about the Xbox 360 though. I recommend this product for anyone who doesn't have a mixer for their microphone 'cause mixers are kind of expensive! Haha.
Great USB audio interface! I also own the Shure X2U and they perform just about the same...I wish I would have known that before I spent way more on the X2U.
Put simply this is a brilliant piece of kit... does exactly what it says on the tin... converts any XLR mic to USB  - including phantom power supply.<br /><br />We have an Neuman professional condenser mic here at Blockhouse tv and I kid you not  - it sounds amazing with this piece of kit.  Have plugged into our mac and thrown the signal into Audacity and/or Final Cut pro and it sounds the business - no hum, noise, clicks or pop. We use it to voice the children's animation DVD series; Jack and Holly.  Both the actors and the tech staff find it a really easy and portable set-up to use. OK - looks aren't great - and it's plastic - but I don't really give a monkey's about that - all I care about is the signal to noise ratio, the sound quality and can it power our very expensive mics?  The answer is - yes it can.  We say buy!<br /><br /> <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004AM5PZ4">Jack and Holly's Christmas Countdown (US Format)</a> <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00439GWTM">Jack and Holly's Christmas Countdown (European format)DVD </a>
I already have the Bluebird from Blue and was using it to record a friend's live performance. With only a laptop computer at my disposal, I was able to connect my XLR to USB directly into Garageband. The Icicle is small, portable, and so easy to use-- plus, I didn't have to carry a huge A to D converter!
Read a few reviews, some good and some bad, and i finally decided to take the risk since the icicle was on sale.<br /><br />Works great and is perfect for a home/room studio.<br /><br /> I love everything Blue: Though the icicle is a little light and delicate, i treat it as careful as i do my microphone.<br /><br />I would highly recommend this product.
Have only had the need to use this a few times, but it has always performed well and consistently. Nice that it has a little preamp so you can control levels - doesn't seem to color the tone in any negative way.
I have little doubt that the Blue Icicle will get the job done with a Shure SM-58, or similar "dynamic" microphone.  But its claim that it will convert any "condenser" mic, even one that normally requires XLR connection and phantom power, into a "plug 'n play" USB mic should not be taken at face value.  I say this because I have an acquaintance with the original Audio Technica AT2020 Condenser mic who had intermittent and marginal success when he tried such a conversion.  In the long run, he would have been ahead (in terms of both the conversion and saving a few bucks) by purchasing the AT2020 USB mic.  As it is, the Blue Icicle is probably the best such converter on the market (the comparably priced LightSnake cable will not convert condenser mics, despite what you may have read).  So, if necessary, give it a try--and more than one.  But make sure there are return privileges.
Works fine for my Podcasting needs. I use it with a sure SM58 microphone. It is made of plastic and does feel cheap but I have had it for a few months and had zero problems with it. For desktop use it should be fine. Works great for my needs. Wouldn't recommend for heavy use on a stage or being tossed around.
It does what it says. I was only worried that either it wouldn't be compatible with my mic, or that my computer wouldn't recognize it, but everything turned out great. It's plug and play, my computer (running Windows 7) instantly recognized it and I was able to use this right away (in less than 5 minutes from unboxing it).<br /><br />It seemed like a joke to me at first, because it is so small and lightweight, so I thought it wouldn't actually supply Phantom Power or something like that, but it actually does, so this is pretty great. What I love most about this is that it is extremely portable and easy to set up, I DEFINITELY recommend this.
This device does one thing and it does it well. I use it to record demos and it provides a crisp, clean sound with zero noise! I have read some reviews where people complain about the durability of the icicle. While it feels a little chinsy, I hardly think it will snap in half. The price is right and the sound is great.<br /><br />For the most part, setting the icicle up is incredibly easy. I had a few instances where I had to reboot for Windows to recognize it again and such, but no serious headaches.<br /><br />Overall, this is a great device to have on hand of for the traveling musician who wants to quickly lay down ideas on the road.
This thing is great. I am running a BlueBird into the Icicle into Logic 9 and the sound I am getting is tremendous. There's little to no noise, but it boosts the signal plenty. I've had no trouble with not having enough gain, I have plenty of sound. Another thing is that I don't think it feels as light and toy-like as a lot of people here have stated. Just treat it with care, and don't drop it like any piece of musical equipment. Fantastic buy for the money, recommended.
i have used the icicle a few times, and it sounds great! everything works how it's supposed to, and it is a very simple but efficient interface. the ONLY thing that i can see that's wrong with it, is it just feels light and cheap. granted its only around $40 so you can't expect too much from it. the plastic just feels rather cheap. but i plan on treating it very nicely and gently anyways so all in all i don't foresee a major problem on that front.
I was somewhat skeptical about purchasing any XLR to USB adaptor, but I have to say...this thing works great! The recordings are crisp and clear, just as good as recording on my camcorder in PCM! Now, I can record directly to my PC without the need of Mini DV tapes and capturing the audio to the computer! The unit is a bit cheap feeling (weight-wise) but don't let that fool you one bit!<br /><br />It's true plug and play too! No need for any additional drivers/software...simply plug everything together and you're off and running! Overall, it's a great product! I highly recommend this for anyone who does any amount of voice recording!
3 years ago I bought a Digidesign 002 protools rack and a lot of other equipment to start recording - but I could never get it to work with my OS on either computer.  I was at an impasse for a long time until I saw this product on Blue's website.  I already had a $400 condenser mic in the closet I had never gotten to use and didn't want to spend more money on a quality USB mic.  I couldn't be happy that this product exists - in it's quality or price!  I noticed no noise or coloration of the signal and it worked without a problem.  It does exactly what it's suppose to do -- act like it doesn't exist.  It just serves it purpose to convert the signal well, and stays out of the way on everything else.  It does feel light weight and the signal was a little lower than i thought (as many reviews said) and that is the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars.  But I don't think that should keep anyone from getting this product.
I've had this product for 6 or 7 months at this point and I use it for podcasting. I've used 3 different mics one was dynamic and the other two condenser. All three have worked just fine as if I had plugged them into a mixer or a PA system, no problems. I have also beaten the crap out of this thing, knocked it around way too much and left it on the floor at my desk where I record, no problems still runs fine and it's not showing any signs of stopping. This thing is also super easy, plug and record on any software including the free Audacity software, Garage Band, and Sony Acid (the three I've tested)<br />One problem, that gain knob, while very useful, is super super touchy. I found a volume I liked and then taped it down, otherwise it'll jack up or down the gain with the slightest jostling. Doesn't make this a bad product, it just means have some tape handy and this is a quick and easy solution especially for podcasters who don't want to be limited to the USB microphones and don't want to shell out big money for a USB compatible mixer.
using it for recording vocals on home PC using Shure C606 mic. It is a big improvement over the mic to stereo in for sure.. There is no background noise which was very prevailant in the mic in method. The 4 stars instead of 5 is due to the gain. Even with the gain knob turned all the way up i still had to add gain from my software for the sound to be loud enough. But overall a great product.. do not regret buying it and would recommend it as well.
ive heard mixed reviews of this.. yeah it feels cheap... but so what?! just take care of it like you would anything like that! and it sounds perfect! i use it to record vocals on logic studio (i get others to sing, i cannot; but they sound amazing) ive had no problems with it and im super happy with the purchase. well worth the money!
Pros: Easy to use. Plug it in, set your levels and go! Works well with Condenser Mics. Has 48v Phantom Power. Runs solely off USB (No need for a wall wart).<br /><br />Cons: Very plastic. Feels like it could snap with the slightest bit of rough handling! I wouldn't try to plug it directly into a mic. Use an XLR cable. No headphone monitoring jack and quite a bit of latency when monitoring with a separate interface. I would not recommend it for Dynamic mics. I tried it with my Rode Procaster Dynamic Mic and could not get high enough levels without practically yelling into the mic. I also tried it with an old V-Tech handheld stage mic and levels were a little better, so dynamics with a higher line output might work better with it.<br /><br />Overall, it does what it's supposed to, but it could be a lot better. For about $30-40 more, you can get better interfaces with 2 mic inputs, but this one is nice for situations where running off of USB power is a must.
Simple, plug-in setup. Garageband recognizes it right away, as long as it's opened as first step, before plugging in Icicle. Nice, clean, "transparent" sound without much coloring with my Electrovoice stage mic. Depending upon your setup, you may have to crank up your inputs and headphone volumes to get comfortable levels.  Blue recommends plugging directly into computer. A great little device for the price!
Brought this product for recording a radio program from home. Along with the Behringer<br />C-1 microphone, provides a cost effective solution.
I have some nice mics round my place for video and thought I could use them to help my skype chats, and for the money it is amazing little USB device.
I was a little concerned after reader some of the reviews here, but the warranty, Blue's reputation, and Amazon customer service convinced me to give it a try. And in general, I'm pretty satisfied with it. Using it with one of my Oktava MK-301 microphones I get excellent sound, no hum, and so far, excellent reliability. I'm using it with Audacity and a few other programs, none of which have any difficulty recognizing it. There were some issues setting it up initially, and I'm a bit leery about the plastic construction, but for what I paid I think it's a good value. For those thinking of using it in field recording- stick it inside a carrying bag, and tape the cable to it to prevent stressing the USB connector. You shouldn't have any problems.
We've only had the Blue Icicle 1 week, but my daughter loves it, and is working with it every day.<br /><br />How good is it ?  My daughter is 18, and turned down $25,000 a year in scholarship money to Pepperdine's Music program as a coluratura soprano.  Her voice is so perfectly re-produced using a Shure 57 and the Icicle, that I can not tell when she sings and when she plays it back through the computer, an off-the-shelf Dell, using a pair of $30 JBL computer speakers for sound.<br /><br />The icicle is really good.<br /><br />Now they can replace the old TV commercial, from "Is it live, or is it Memorex ?"<br />to  "Is it live, or is it Blue ?"
Let's get this out of the way, first: Yes the case is made of thin flimsy plastic, and it doesn't look like it can handle drops to the floor.<br /><br />I'm using it with a Behringer ecm8000 mic and Real Time Analyzer (RTA) software (on my laptop running WindowsXP PRO SP3) to precisely tune notch filters and speaker crossover networks and it works perfectly.  Audio output sinewaves show up very clean and accurate under an oscilloscope, with peaks at 90 degrees (which is a good sign).  No hissing sounds at all, it's very quiet with a mic connected, high frequency-spectrum wise.  For the record, I bought a usb to Toslink output adapter to connect to the amplifier because integrated laptop/PC sound cards are usually noisy as hell.<br /><br />I think some people are using mics with very low sensitivity or crappy output sources (e.g. cheesy soundcards, amps, receivers or multimedia speakers), or even lousy, improperly shielded mic cables and blaming the unit, but who knows.  What I can safely say is, for the cheap price, the unit manages to produce an output that has a very high gain and runs virtually flat while covering the entire audio spectrum.<br /><br />WINDOW7 FUNCTIONALITY(updated):<br />At first, it didn't work with WINDOWS7 x64 Ultimate.  I kept getting a message about not being able to find a driver.  And at the time the Icicle website made no mention of Windows 7 compatibility (2 months later, they are saying it's compatible with XP, VISTA and Windows 7).  After nearly giving up, I found my old USB motorola cell phone charger cable lying around and noticed it had a similar mini-usb header to the that of the Icicle's.  I connected the Icicle using the motorola cable into my Windows 7 PC, and to my surprise it was recognized.  I actually got the idea when the Icicle began losing its USB connection (with the original cable) whenever I moved it around a lot.  Could it be the dinky looking USB cable included with the Icile causing intermittent disconnects or driver problems with Windows 7?  I'm really not sure at this point.  What I can say is that the Blue Icicle seems 100% reliable when used with the old Motorola USB cable.  Perhaps the Motorola cable makes better contact or has better shielding--who knows.  (I'm inclined to cut away the white insulation of the original Icicle cable just see if it's shielded to the USB's electrical ground source.  It wouldn't be the first time I find an unshielded USB cable.  Then again, it might be the mini-USB header causing the problem.)
This Icicle performs flawlessly with very good audio quality for my audio-technica cardiod condensor mic.  Took me a short while to figure out the little silver button on the side wasn't a button, but instead a rotational knob for setting the gain.  This device literally plugs into your USB port on a Mac, you adjust that knob, and your done.  You then can forget about the device and enjoy flawless audio performance out of your mic.  This beats the hell out of the more expensive FireWire solutions I had used before.
I have now owned this product for over a year and it is still going strong. I mainly use it for voice overs for YouTube videos, Skype calls, and recording music. It all works great.<br /><br />When I first received it in the mail, I simply opened it, plugged it in, and it worked. As simple as that. There were no drivers, no installation, and no updates. I just plugged my XLR condenser microphone into the Icicle and the Icicle to the USB on my computer and it was immediately recognized as a USB mic.<br /><br />This product was WAY lighter than I expected and feels rather cheap. However, that is not really an issue because the product works great. And the blue glow that lights up when you plug it in adds some nice visual appeal.<br /><br />The knob is also useful, as it allows you to control the sensitivity of the mic.<br /><br />Overall, I am extremely satisfied with this product, as it is plug and play. Very simple, and it just works.
I use this with my Audio Technica condensor. Works great for home recordings hooked up to garageband on macbook pro for rough recordings. Its super simple to use and has a dial for the gain. It's not bulky which is a nice.
This people is a must have especially to take xlr over to usb it provides un  interrupted audio flow during recording and provides phantom power. Great invention !
This thing works instantly. You plug in your mic and plug the usb into your computer. It will light up, then you adjust the sound to what is audible. It can get pretty loud. I was intimidated at first when contemplating the purchase because of the low price; but it has done everything I needed it for. The other preamp models I was looking at were near $200.<br /><br />The only "downside" to this is that it looks plastic. I don't consider it a con because the look doesnt really matter.
The Icicle is an excellent product, works as advertised. I think it's the easiest way to attach a quality mic directly to your computer.<br />the icicle is a fine "Plug & Play" mic interface.
Going from the $600 Digidesign Mbox to this $15 tube made me feel like I got back at Digidesign for screwing all of us who had XP computers that they refused to support after we bought their over-priced gear for recording voice overs.<br />I could wish that the Blue Ice converter was made of heavier materials and came with a CS department that one could reach. But, for $15... well, 'nough said.
This product has worked since the first day I have had it. Tremendous buy for me. I needed my mic to go directly into the computer. Thanks.
Bought this because i didnt want to pay 100 plus for the alternative. Found it to be extremely reliable. Very crisp sound with little to no background noise. Before i bought it other reviews stated it seemed a bit cheap. I disagree, though i do find it to be a bit bulky for it's function. I did drop and break it once, but it  was completely my fault. After breaking it, i contacted customer service, and it was replaced very rapidly. The company's website was easy to navigate, and rather amusing.
I don't write reviews at all but I'm just going to say that this is a very decent product to buy if you're not looking to spend hundreds of dollars on a mixer, phantom power supply, and pre-amp for XLR mic recording. Because guess what this little thing has it all in one all for a low price! Cop you one!
"Patrick" gave a spot on explanation of everything, just in different uses. Personally, I use it vocally, and acoustically and it has worked perfectly in every way, however, either something is lacking in craftsmanship or  i find my ability to adjust by feel is a little more connected to using numbers instead of blanks. I found the quality just like Patrick said. I too think it "feels almost fragile;" And, "I also used...a mic cable" because for me, that seemed the most sensible solution because I didn't really need it to move it. So, I mounted the connection to my desk; And now I move it very little. Aside from the "no dial or indicators for how far you have turned it," on the gain knob, i think it would be awesome if they just threw in some molded heavy something to give it some weight for setting on your desk. That would make it secure and you would feel like it had a little better quality in craftsmanship. Hey maybe even give the connector itself a littl weight to stay put. Anyways, great product but I guess, "Thats what... he said?..." Regardless,<br /><br />Pros: Does what it says. Get it if you need it. Its at an amazing price compared to the <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001PPXFAG">Shure X2U XLR-to-USB Signal Adapter</a> version. This, however, is fantastic for people saving for a new Presonus interface like me.<br /><br />Cons: Craftsmanship appears lacking.
Plugged direct into windows and controlled via ustream.tv software interface - this worked well, (although we needed a little more gain - obtainable by using better software - cubase, garage band etc), as an interim setup before we could get a more pro level interface for more than one mic etc.  Nice!<br />It feels a bit flimsy construction wise - but we were not going to take it on the road!
I use this to record in GarageBand on my MacBook. It works unfailingly and sounds as good as it should considering my primitive setup. I love the level knob and the quality construction. If you read the instructions and use it correctly, this tool is invaluable.
This product works. If you are only looking to do vocals this is a good product. So far I've had it a few months with no experience of sound distortion or loss of power. Its great if you don't want to go to the trouble of figuring out how to use a mixer. I've been told a pre-amp is better but it seems to work alright for me and my MXL 67G.
I've purchased a few of these, and they are very reliable. I've used them with Win7 and OS X. The A/D quality is acceptable for most needs. The limited bit depth and sample rate are probably the only drawbacks.
I was really worried when I ordered this that the phantom power would make it overheat, apparently I was worried for nothing! I use this paired with a Blue Yeti Pro, a seriously beefy microphone, running over shielded cable that is about eighty feet away, It's absolutely great!<br /><br />The one downside that I have seen from this piece of kit: It will occasionally not register as a USB device, Granted I only have seen it happen once, but you will always want to double check your connections!
Cheap and works well the only thing is the gain on it is a little low even at highest setting. Other than that ir records well and does what it needs to.
I create language teaching materials for a living on both PCs and Macs. Not only do I care about the sound quality of audio recordings for voice, but I record a lot of music as well. For work I that I do at home, I bought the Blue Microphones Icicle to use with high quality condenser mics. Before buying I read lots of reviews here and some others online.<br /><br />When the Icicle arrived, it worked fine right of the bat. Since then I have recorded hours and hours of audio on it, using both PCs and Macs. Not once have I had any problems with the product.
Perfect tool for any musicians trying to make recording much easier at an affordable price.<br />Easy to open plastic case, medium sized, durable (People have said that the plastic body feels cheap<br />and feels easy to break but it's not true. The Icicle's plastic body feels durable and won't break if<br />you're not clumsy with it or break it on purpose). I only wished that the "Gain Control" had numbers or indications<br />of levels so I can turn the knob to the correct position for recording and remember it instead of guessing all the time. Sound quality is FLAWLESS! No buzzing noises or anything picked up really...just nice crispy sound recorded through a good quality microphone is all I hear. I hear no difference in it with an Icicle or a Mixer
This product works just as advertised!! Guitar center told me the only way to connect my mic to my computer was either an expensive converter box or a usb mic. A-HOLES haha. I love this little gizmo and would definitely recommend it to a friend!!
I bought the ICICLE because I have been doing a lot of hip-hop vocals and I was using a Samson C01U and the thing with that Mic you can get close to studio but with so much work and you can always tell that you messed with it alot.<br /><br />Well I always wanted to buy a expensive Mic but didnt want to spend $200 more on a USB Pre-Amp so I see this on here the other day and went to Guitar Center and after deciding for a while I went with it. I also already had a MXL V-88 which is a pretty high end condenser mic, although now you can find it for cheap but original RSPV=$700 and average selling price after it being out was $349-400. But I am very happy.<br /><br />I use Reaper to record vocals with a ASIO driver (AND IT DOES WORK WITH MY ASIO DRIVER) someone put in their comment that it doesnt. For those of you that arnt familure with ASIO it is a driver/program that runs and samples your audio going in, you basically use it with anything that is MIDI or MIDI/MIC to USB. It makes your audio not lag and sound more professional. Also for the people that said the volume was too low, go into Sound in windows and turn the mic up a little, I keep mine on 5%. Also your recording program will let you turn up while your monitoring the record or after.<br /><br />GO AHEAD AND BUY ONE!
I'm glad i came across the blue icicle (on amazon othere prices where 60 or more) before i went on to buy a mic, preamp and source for phantom power. I literally got i all in one at a verrryyy low price. Good bargain. i recomend it for anyone with a home studio and deff go buy a xlr cable. plugging a mic deirectly into it wont work so well.
A great tool for low budget home recording. I mic every track to Audacity. I use a low budget dynamic mic and the Icicle gives the right boost for PC recording. I keep the gain at 90 to 100 percent and do volume control on the PC.<br />I see some complaints out there about durability. Keep in mind it is a piece of computer hardware like a modem or an external hard drive, NOT something that you would use onstage or throw into a gig bag. Another plus is no drivers or setup. That's important to me when I get home from work and want to record a tune. Just plug it in and go!
I needed the Icicle to provide better audio quality for recordings I was doing on my PC. I wanted to use my high quality XLR mic for this purpose and found that the Icicle provided far better performance than any other USB mic that I currently owned. I didn't have any problem with the trim pod on the Icicle as reported by a previous review so maybe Blue Mic has corrected that issue.<br /><br />I have and do recommend this to anyone that wants to use their current XLR mic on their PC. The product is great and the price is right.
Great price for what you are getting.  Recording via a USB port ROCKS!!!! The only thing that could maybe be improved is the durability.  It feels like a toothpick in your hand.  It may be more durable than it feels, but I'm still going to be very careful with it.  But, for the price this is only a minor gripe.  Great product, I would recommend it to anyone.
Works well.  It is slightly lighter than expected, but the quality of the sound is excellent.
Muy buen producto. por su tama&ntilde;o, uno lo puede llevar a culquier lado junto con su laptop y hacer culquier grabaci&oacute;n, en cualquier momento. Antes de tener este producto, tuve muchos problemas con la entrada de audio en mi mac, pero con el icicle por fin pude tener una entrada decente para cualquier micr&oacute;fono. Hasta el momento no genera ruidos de ning&uacute;n tipo y la calidad es impresionante para algo tan simple.
Bought it thinking this would plug into the Wii and I would be able to use my condenser microphone with it. Well, long story short, doesnt work. But it is still usable with a PC/laptop to record audio. But we can do that with a builtin mic also. Would u like to pay 1$ towards the presidential election?
This product is excellent for the group of people who have Celiac disease.  A tasty treat for Sunday brunch. The only problem I have, is the cost, but<br />as we all know, being saddled with Celiac disease is not cheap.
So life with a gluten allergy can sometimes seem unfair; however, once bisquick started making this product, things got a lot more equal. It tastes like Bisquick. It works like Bisquick. Hey, it is Bisquick. It just happens to be gluten-free. Perfect pancakes! Enough said.
Finally a gluten free mix that tastes great! I have used this mix over and over and I have never been disappointed. It works just the way the regular mix works and it has opened up a whole new world for me. I thought I would never be able to find a mix that I like, but this one I love. I am excited about trying all the fun things I can do with it. Even cookies!
The first time we cracked open a box of Bisquick Gluten Free and made a batch of pancakes, I was surprised. They were DELICIOUS! Perhaps the best pancakes I've ever had. We did make a couple modifications from the box recipe. Instead of using oil, we use the same amount of melted butter. And we add fresh blueberries to each pancake as it's cooking. Then, serve with whipped cream. So great! I'm looking forward to trying some of the other recipes with this, including pizza crust.
I really like it when my wife makes anything from her Betty Crocker cookbook, so I know when we got the gluten free pancakes that they would be good.  They are not overly dry like some of the other brands of gluten free pancakes.<br /><br />We usually have them with earth balance butter spread, and sliced bananas or sliced strawberries, chopped pecans or walnuts and maple syrup.  They are great.
A few years ago, going Gluten Free was really difficult. I missed the basic things I loved to eat and pancakes were certainly one of them. I tried other mixes but the batters were very dry and required items to moisten them such as fruit, etc. But Bisquick's GF pancake mix was surprisingly good! It is a great alternative to the real thing. Certainly all of us Gluten Sensitives out there know it will never be that delicious stack of buttermilk pancakes like we once knew, but I'm happy to know there's a great alternative. :)
This replaces many of other brands of Pizza crust mix, cake mix, foccaccia and more.  The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is that it is slightly pricey, but that is an issue of living gluten free.  Enjoy and be creative with it.
As far as gluten free products this is awesome.  I use it as a substitute for any recipe that asks for flour.  It makes great pumpkin waffles.
Finally-a Gluten Free Pancake product! Pancakes not to bad, taste like regular Bisquick. the batter is just right, not too heavy pancakes. this was a good price compared to local grocers.
This is a very versital product!!!! Love it. My husband must eat gluten free and my kids prefer pancakes made with this!
My son who has Celiacs LOVES the pancakes you can make from these, and so do I...and I will eat them, even though I don't need to eat GF! Highly recommend!
I have now served Gluten Free Bisquick Pancake and Waffle Mix to several of our friends and relatives. I usually make waffles and have even done a taste test with regular Bisquick and 5 people. Everyone liked gluten free best!  I am so happy that I can buy it on Amazon as it is twice as much in the grocery stores.  Thank you for carrying this great product.<br />Alice Miller, Modesto, CA
After searching many local stores to find this product I ordered it via Amazon.  I took the advice of other reviewers & ordered the 3 pack.  I've only made pancakes w/ it, but they are delicious.  Some complain that they are bland.  I always add a little something to flavor my pancakes.  A few drops of vanilla & a sprinkle of cinnamon had these pancakes tasting wonderful!  My 2 yr old loved them.  I highly recommend you try the GF Bisquick.
I've been gluten-free for a little over a year and I've struggled with finding tasty and affordable alternatives to my favorite foods. The great thing about this mix is that it's really easy to make, affordable, and the pancakes are so tasty, my children do not object to eating them--saving me the time of making two batches of pancakes. If they didn't see me eating them, I don't even think my kids would notice that they are eating gluten-free pancakes.
Wow... it's delicious!<br />The kids Love it!<br />We made it for breakfast this morning... the pancakes were eaten in no time at all!<br />The only complaint was that there wasn't more!<br />(actually, it was disappointing that the boxes weren't bigger)
The first time I tried this product to make pancakes, I thought it was terrible.  I made it according to the directions and used the "right" measuring cups for liquid and dry ingredients, but found that the batter came out thin and the texture was gummy.  Then, one day when I was visiting my mother, she decided to make pancakes, and since I am GF, she had bought this mix for me (not knowing I had already hated it).  I saw that she measured the ingredients "incorrectly" as she used the same measuring cup (generally used to measure liquids) for both the dry and the liquid ingredients.  She also used a whisk to mix the ingredients.  Amazingly enough, the pancakes came out fluffy, and I really liked it.  In fact, it is my favorite gluten free pancake mix so far.  Having said that, both my husband and I are of the opinion that this product still has a bit of the gritty texture that is present in many gf products.  However, it is the best pancake mix that I have found so far.
Best bisquick pancakes I've ever made!  I think these are better than the original Bisquick pancakes.  My husband even loved these!  I would recommend buying this product!
You won't find a better gluten free pancake mix out there.  As a matter of fact, I much prefer these gluten free pancakes to regular pancakes (and I buy them for my husband).  I love bisquick for this product!
When I found GF Bisquik in the stores, I was happy. When I found it on Amazon with a good price as a subscription, I was thrilled. Our daughter lives in Texas and is gluten intolerant so I mail her items on a regular basis. This has become a staple in her kitchen. Anything you can make with regular Bisquik you can adapt using this. So now she makes cookies, pancakes and biscuits to her heart's content. Taste and texture of items made with it are good.
It makes good tasting gluten free food... but... like most gluten free food, it's expensive and it's got a slight grit to it. I've made biscuits, waffles, and pancakes with it... a friend made some awesome banana bread with it. it's very good for gluten free...
It's great! I actually used this to make gf donuts the other day. I love how convenient it is. It's so hard being gluten free so this is god sent for how many things you can make with this. I have celiacs and I haven't had any sort of negative reaction to this. I would definitely recommend this for anyone who can't have gluten but still wants things like pancakes and waffles and donuts and other fun things.
We use this mix for pancakes and waffles and it's perfect. We have had a terrible time finding a good all purpose flour that is gluten free (the popular brands taste terrible!) so we tend to use this pancake mix as a base for a lot of our recipes--- including breading for baked chicken and other things. It's definitely best as a pancake mix of course, but using it as a starting point for baking has helped us find "normal" tasting gluten free baked foods. :)
I recently went gluten free and this is one of my favorite mixes.  I used it for biscuits and pancakes and it's very good.  You can also use it for pizza dough and to make fried chicken - it's about average for that.
I could not believe how great this mix tasted...it's like eating the regular one.  It came out soooooo good, fluffy and delicious!!!!!
I find it hard to express how pleased I was to find Bisquick in a gluten free form.  I have tried countless recipes using mixtures of rice, and potato flour and none of them tasted good.  The Bisquick bisquits are delicious, but unfortunatly I couldn't make satisfactory dumplings with the mix.
My son loves these pancakes. Much healthier alternative to the original. I am excited to try the other recipes soon.
If you only knew....<br /><br />Bisquick Gluten Free(GF) is by far one of the best options out there for people with Celiac or Sensitivity to Gluten.<br />I honestly don't know how healthy it is for you. What I do know it that it is a great option for people trying<br />to eat as normal as possible. This GF option has been a great meal saver for my wife who this last year was diagnosed<br />with Celiac and got sick in tired of tasting gross tasting GF options or super simple meat and vegetables options for meals.<br /><br />We have made all types of breakfast items, biscuits, even fried food (chicken tenders, mozzarella sticks, fried fruit,...) We bout our own little frier<br /><br />http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0016NQ49Q/ref=as_li_ss_til?tag=talkinhome-20&camp=0&creative=0&linkCode=as4&creativeASIN=B0016NQ49Q&adid=0XK6HZPJRKAED855HEWP<br /><br />In short, It has not only been a great option, but also has been quite tasty allowing my wife to make one meal for both of us not worrying that<br />it will taste bad to me.<br /><br />Hope this was helpful.
I find it really hard to believe this is GF because it tastes better than any GF product I've EVER had. I made waffles with it this morning and I didn't even want butter or syrup! It was THAT amazing! I want proof that this truly GF...
This is a great product for us gluten free people.  We use it for everything....From pancakes, waffles, to cookies, scones, cooking.
So grateful for this!! What an amazing mix. It can be used to make some of the best gluten free products out there. What a break through for us gluten free individuals who miss REAL mixes. Some of the other ones on the market just dont do the trick like this does :)
I've tried many gluten free products on the market and this is by far the easiest and more yummiest product yet!!  Thank you Betty Crocker!!!
Thank you thank you thank you.....I have an intolerance for Gluten and Bisquick is my hero. I have tried some of those other packed product and invested in loads of ingredients to make my own mix but "Bisquick" has saved me from myself. Again thank you thank you thank you
My children can not have wheat, gluten, soy, dairy, eggs...  It is very hard to find products that they can have.  We use this for pancakes, pizza crust, cakes.  Basically we just use it in place of flour.  It is so nice to be able to buy Bisquick in the grocery stores now; however it is much cheaper through Amazon!
My husband is gluten intolerant and as with all gluten free products out there the results are not always the best.  He loves this product and since I only really make the pancakes I can't say how the other Bisquick recipes would turn out for any of you.  And yes he has this texture and taste thing with gluten free products as well...  gritty, sandy or off tasting.... etc. etc...  So I am happy he likes this one!  With gluten free products you really have to test them out one by one as some perform in the taste and texture area better than other blends.  My advice to anyone searching for gluten free products they want to try that it is best to buy them in the single packages, if possible.  I know on Amazon they sell them in bulk but if you find that you don't like it you are then stuck with alot of packages you no longer want!  Just a tip for all of you out there.  It may cost more for one package but the waste will be much less unless you donate them to the local food bank...  Good product and great results!  Thank you, Bisquick!
I like the Bisquick, it works great in a variety of uses. Wish it came in a bigger box, the recipes are good on the box though.
Neither myself nor my husband can have any type of corn products, but we love cornbread.  This mix makes biscuits that taste just like corn bread to us.  Nice to find an alternative that tastes so great!  Appreciate having this order size option as well since it's often missing from grocery store shelves.
I love this!  Such a great product for all us gluten free folks!  It works the same as the regular Bisquick. Their website has tons of gf recipes too!  This makes delicious pancakes and 'magic crust' pies. Yummy!
This is great as a pancake mix.  It almost has a corn texture to it.  I rate everything by if my son will eat it.  He is super picky and loves the pancakes.  I tried making biscuits with the mix that didn't turn out very well but as far as pancakes it rocks.
Great taste, texture, flavor, and works well with any recipe! Wonderful pricing, too! Gluten free products are so expensive normally! Definitely recommend this!
I received this item on time.  The packaging was great.  The gluten free Bisquick is a great addition to our gluten free pantry.
I first discovered "Gluten Free Biscuit" in the supermarket.  I bought it and loved it.  I then tried to find it again in all the local supermarkets, but could not find it.  I called the manufacturer and they informed me that I could purchase it at Amazon.  I was thrilled. Amazon is one of my favorite web sites.
I had no idea there was a gluten free Bisquick mix..I made pancakes and they were great and the tea cakes also...
Bisquick has made a wonderful gluten free product.  From pancakes to biscuits and everything in between are light and fluffy! Garlic and Cheddar or Cinnamon and sugar is a great addition.
In trying to eat a little healthier I'm reducing my gluten intake (gluten/wheat may not be the best for arthritis/inflammation) so I gave this gluten free Bisquick a try. Surprisingly, I was pretty impressed with the flavor which to me tastes almost as good as regular Bisquick.<br /><br />I followed a reviewer's suggestion to let the batter sit for about 15 minutes after adding just the milk; the batter looked better and was a nicer consistency after the resting time. It was a little hard to get all the lumps out of the batter though and because I have limited GF experience I wasn't sure whether further stirring would gum it up so I left some lumps in and they dissolved while cooking.<br /><br />The texture of the cooked pancakes was very SLIGHTLY gritty. Makes pancakes a little thinner than with regular Bisquick however thick enough that I'd say they are just right. See photo added.<br /><br />I used a cast iron griddle to make the pancakes, which made them barely crisp outside and nice tender inside - *very* good!!!<br /><br />The taste is close to regular Bisquick but a little more "plain" - I use real maple syrup and sometimes preserves and with either of the two toppings, I had a very good, very tasty short stack.<br /><br />My only quibble is that this mix is a little pricey but I'd rather buy this mix than other GF products I've tried that are just as pricey and don't taste nearly as good.
I have this on auto ship because I use it so much. I have gone to every grocery in AZ and the cheapest place is Amazon! This is a great product and whatever you make using this flour will taste great. My son has Celiac and is allergic to gluten. I have tried every pancake mix and this one is the one I settled for!
This is a product that is delicious and easy to use. I made the pancakes with buttermilk and the recipe on the box just said milk. The buttermilk helped make the pancakes light and fluffy. I am a little disappointed that the box will only make one recipe that calls for two cups of the mix. I doubled my recipe for the pancakes which made 14<br />4 inch pancakes.  The recipe says it makes 10 pancakes with 1 cup of the mix. Those 10 pancakes must be silver dollar size.  I am looking forward to making the biscuits so I will have to open a second box to have enough mix. The recipe calls for eggs for biscuits and I never used eggs in my regular biscuits.  I am wondering if buttermilk would make these biscuits rise sufficiently? I have family members who can't eat eggs or milk so I must adapt recipes for them. It is a product I would purchase again. However, I used Subscribe and Save on Amazon and the time to receive the product was really long in my opinion--ordered Nov. 19th received Dec. 2nd. I know Thanksgiving was in the midst of that time period but I thought I would have received the product before Thanksgiving. I will try Subscribe & Save one more time to see if all things are so slow.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004391DK0">Bisquick Pancake and Baking Mix, Gluten-Free, 16-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 3)</a>
These tasted so good! I was surprised because I have heard so many negative things about glutten free bread products. I would eat these by choice, not because I have to.
We've tried Pamela's (second best), Bob's Red Mill and King Arthur's Gluten Free flour mixes.  For pancakes, waffles, breading, pie crusts, biscuits and dumplings, Bisquick has been the most reliable performer.  We whole heartedly recommend it for those who bake at home but need to avoid gluten!!
I found this product in a local Walmart, after trying vainly to find bread that i liked that is gluten free.  (Stay away from the Ener-G brand, in my opinion)<br /><br />I have been gluten free for 3 weeks now, and seriously craving bread products.  I made some pancakes this morning from this product, and wow!!  very tasty, very light, I needed to thin them a bit more to have them spread correctly, but, this was the first real carb product that was "bread like" that I have eaten in 3 weeks.  Needless to say, I ate too many, and now have a carb headache!  :)<br /><br />Seriously though, this product, used in moderation, may help you not miss your gluten products quite as much.  I look forward to making bisquits and some of the other recipes on the box.<br />Way to go on this product, -it strikes a home run in the gluten free market.
I made delicious banana pancakes last week using this product and over the weekend, remade a family favorite from years ago, Chicken and Dumplings, which was on the Betty Crocker Website under GF.  We couldn't tell the difference between the GF and regular mix in the dumpling results.  I made the recipe from scratch for six, using chicken breasts and thighs simmered till tender in chicken broth, baby carrots, celery, cut green beans, onion and seasonings and stirred up some white gravy to pour over the dish before serving.  Husbie loved it.
I use this to quickly make gluten/egg/dairy free pancakes.  I use rice milk and EngerG egg replacer to make pancakes. They taste pretty good and are a good snack to make for later and store in the fridge.  They're especially good w/either apple butter or peanut butter on them besides the usual maple syrup!
This stuff is pretty solid. Makes a decent enough pancake for being GF and makes a solid biscuit as well. What we have found works best is taking this mix and using it half and half with the Chebe mix. Between the two it makes for a very nice flour mix. The Chebe is good but on its own tends to be a little squishy, but when you mix it with the bisquick, the bit of squishiness gives the dryer Bisquick the fluffiness and moistness it needs. So, I recommend this, but I would HIGHLY recommend getting some Chebe too and cutting the Bisquick with it. Also, even though this mix has leavening agents in it, when we use recipes that call for leavening agents we add them anyway, it tends to turn out better this way.
I run a small bed and breakfast, and bought this product so I could prepare recipes for my guests that have a Gluten Allergy and they love it.  There are many recipes on the box, and even more on their website.  Quick,Easy, Inexpensive, what more could anyone ask for.
I have so many food allergies it's ridiculous! I am so happy that they made this product and that is available at a decent price. I was able to expand my meal plans and make stuff I thought I couldn't have anymore. I made a pizza with my family all in town using this and then a pizza using a different crust and the whole family liked my bisquick crust better. They said it was lighter and had more taste! I really enjoy finding things that make my crazy diet easier to deal with. Thank you thank you thank you.
Love this product!  Gluten free products have come a long way. Easy to use. Great for all your breakfast and baking needs!
This product is great for pancakes. For baked goods I blend Bisquick (2/3 part) with Pamela's bread mix (1/3 part) for great gluten-free/dairy-free treats. The bread mix makes it less crumbly.
This product has helped our friend to be able to eat again.  She is going to college and finding things to eat has been hard. For her, we send her a supply every month so now she can make her own food and not get sick!
You won't miss your old waffle/pancake mix when using this wonderful product.  I mix it with oatmeal in most cases and it makes wonderful waffles.  Pretty easy to give up gluten with this mix.
Due to health issues, my husband is newly required to eat a gluten free diet. He acted as if he was on death row. Finding this product has help immensely. I can make him pancakes with fresh fruit and he doesn't feel he is being unfairly punished. Also, my neighbor was faced with a similar circumstance. I shared one of the boxes with her and she is now a fan! <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004391DK0">Bisquick Pancake and Baking Mix, Gluten-Free, 16-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 3)</a>
I have only had this once as banana pancakes so I'm not sure how it tastes without fruit, but it was the best pancake I've had in a long time.  Thank you for making a Gluten Free Bisquick, I will try biscuits with it next!
We use gluten free Bisquick to make coated baked chicken, waffles, pancakes, biscuits, chicken pot pie.  There are many recipes available to make quick easy meals.  We really like it.  Everyone can eat it instead of just making a gluten free meal for the one person who is gluten free. Reasonably priced for gluten free.
My daughter has been GF for about 4 years now. We have discovered that if the main ingredient is rice flour, it usually isn't any good. It is usually grainy. This isn't the case with this product. It makes fantastic pancakes (the rest of the family would eat them). She didn't like the biscuits so we won't make those again.  We used it to make corn dogs and the entire family (and a friend) ate them. No one even noticed. Everyone LOVED them.<br /><br />Amazon has since taken this off of the Subscribe and Save. I am so mad. I hope they put it back on soon.
I really love this product, I think it is a great overall flour replacement in your kitchen but I just felt the size was a bit small. I would have really loved to see the box be larger, I think there are three cups total in the box. Overall the product is amazing though. Everything I've made with it has come out wonderfully and all of the recipes online via Bisquick's website are easy to follow and come out very good. I'd highly recommend this product to anyone. My favorite things to make are the biscuits, I add a little cheddar to them to make them oh so good and the apple "pie" which is more like a coffee cake but good either way! Give it a shot if you are GF!
Finally a great and easy GF option for pancakes, waffles, biscuits, etc from Bisquick!! Both of my kids have Celiac and absolutley LOVE this stuff.  Wish the container was bigger. But we're just happy to have better tasting options for breakfast now. Thank you, Thank you, Thank you.  Can't taste a difference, but the rest of the family uses the cheaper stuff.
Thanks to the Betty Crocker people for this GF option. It makes great pancakes and shortcakes for strawberries too. My onlycomplaint is I wish the box was bigger.
I was so happy to find this product when it was first released! I had used regular Bisquick for years before being diagnosed with Celiac Disease. This is just as versatile as the original- pancakes, biscuits, dumplings, etc! My family's favorie is the pancakes, they are light and fluffy and have a lovely crispness to the outside.<br /><br />My only reason for not awarding this 5 stars is the size of the box, it is small. My family of 4 uses the entire box for Saurday morning pancakes. The box makes approximately 3 (small) batches of pancakes, we freeze the extra in single servings for weekday breakfasts. I'd love to see Bisquick release a larger box but until then I'll continue ordering the 3-pack! <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004391DK0">Bisquick Pancake and Baking Mix, Gluten-Free, 16-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 3)</a>
I really love this mix as the pancakes are so soft and fluffy. Could not tell that they were gluten free. I also made carrot muffins with it and they turned out good.
I grew up eating Bisquik, so finding a gluten-free version of the quintessential baking mix was wonderful.  However, a 16 ounce box only makes two batches of pancakes!  I would love it if the GF Bisquik could be made in a box size like the conventional Bisquik - especially since my family eats up the pancakes this makes even more than the regular ones.
Due to my kid's food allergies I had to substitute eggs with ground flax with water, and 2 cups instead of one of rice milk, and some olive oil. Made great tasty pancakes!
I do a lot of "from scratch" gluten free cooking but there is nothing that can replace Bisquick. From the ease of morning pancakes to using it in other reciepes in place of other mixes there is simply nothing that I cannot do with this little box.
I was really surprised when I tried this product because I found it to be a really light & fluffy batter. So don't think gluten free means flavorless, this Bisquick Pancake Mix will have you building up stacks of fluffy pancakes for your family. It's so nice that these are healthier for you, diabetic friendly and still manage to taste great too!
This gluten free& milk free product is awesome! I am able to use almond milk in it instead of regular milk. It is great to have such a delicious & easy breakfast that doesn't make my stomach hurt!
I'm new to trying GF, and most of the 'substitution products' I've tried so far are okay, but don't taste quite 'right.'<br />This was the exception.  The pancakes I made with the GF bisquick were light and smooth and delicious!  I couldn't tell a difference, unless maybe they were a bit better. A larger box would be better, but the product itself is wonderful.<br />Highly recommended!!
We found out last week that my son has MULTIPLE allergies, including milk, soy, wheat, tree nuts, oranges, tomatoes, corn (thus corn syrup and starch).  We are in the process of trying to find ways to make what he likes to eat and still avoid thsese ingredients.<br /><br />Does anyone have a list of all ingredients before I spend $10 on this product?<br />Thanks
Gluten Free goes mainstream with the addition of gluten free Bisquick.<br />General Mills does a good job making the gluten free version of their famous brand!<br /><br />Are you gluten free? Do you know someone that is? An estimated 12 - 50 million Americans are affected by gluten, the protein found in wheat, barley and rye grains and most do not even know it. Gluten is a toxin for many, especially those with Celiac Disease, Autism, Diabetes, Multiple Sclerosis, Crohn's Disease and a host of other gluten intolerant and gluten sensitivity issues.<br />It is quite challenging for those following a gluten free diet to find and afford products that are gluten free. Wheat is one of the most prevalent ingredients in the American diet.<br />Find the best tasting gluten free foods at [...] exclusively. We have been serving the gluten free community for over 12 years.
Was very happy that the kids liked these! We all liked them! I bought this mostly for myself. I made them with coconut oil instead of the vegetable oil that it calls for.....it was a yummy, healthy substitute. Will definitely be buying again.
Hubby had to switch to gluten free because of gluten intolerance so we tried this and made pancakes. They were great and had sort of a corn bread texture to it. FYI: i made cobbler from an regular bisquick recipe (not gluten free) and the measurements do not transfer. The proportions are different with the gluten free mix so make sure you have the right recipe for what you're making.
My family loves Bisquick Pancakes, my kids did not notice the difference from this product and regular pancakes. The only problem is the price, I will try Pamelas this week, price seems more reasonable.
I am going gluten free to test if I am sensitive to it, it is a good diet to be on anyway.<br /><br />This was very tasty in a pancake it was light and fluffy.  You do need to use a little more butter than usual but that makes it even better. They  fried up with uniform color and had a nice little brown edge letting me know they were done.
It was worth the wait--Gluten Free Bisquick is just like the real thing!! Everything tastes the way you remember it. So make dumplings, pancakes or cheddar biscuits they are all as good as they can be!
I have missed Bisquick since I became gluten free and am so happy to see they have gone gluten free. I've only made pancakes so far, but they are wonderful.
It was wonderful.  We made chicken nuggets.  It was light and coated the chicken very nicely.<br /><br />I highly encourage you to purchase this.  Taste pretty much like regular bisquick.  Has many uses flour, gravy, pancakes....excellent way to stretch your dollar.
It tough to find good gluten free baking mixes but this one is smooth unlike some that are gritty, and makes just as easily as regular bisquick. It tastes just as good too.
I am so happy that Bisquick came out with a gluten free version!  We've tried so many other brands of pancake and waffle mix, and hands down, Bisquick is the BEST!  We just made waffles this morning, and both my husband and I were floored at how good they were!  The outside was crisp and the inside was soft.  With that said, it's not that great for pancakes or coffeecake.
My Mom's Impossible Veggie Pie was a staple in our house - especially once I became a vegetarian as a teen.  As an adult I served it regularly to my family.  Ten years ago when my celiac was diagnosed it was bye-bye veggie pie.  I do try to eat less processed foods but I really did rejoice when I heard about the GF Bisquick.  We had Impossible Broccoli Pie last night for the first time in a decade and it was wonderful.  The mix is just as easy to use as the non-GF alternative and produces the same results.  No crumbles!  How often do you see that in a GF product?  I bought a box at the grocer to test, then went directly to subscribe & save here.  This will be a staple in my GF kitchen.
I've tried a few other mixes for pancakes, and they've been awful, but this one is really good. I should buy stock in the co., because people will be buying this product I'm sure.
I made cheddar biscuits with this and they came out a little dry the first time, but i adjusted the recipe and they were amazing. I just added a little more milk and another egg. (we have chickens that lay very small eggs, so 3 of our eggs is like 2 large store bought ones.)
This is an excellent product and I use it just like I used to utilize the regular Bisquick product.It works well with any recipe that calls for flour and quickening.
This is a blessing to those of us who are GF.  There are so many things we can make again now that we have Bisquick!  Not to mention that pancakes finally taste like pancakes again!  How nice to be able to have a biscuit with dinner again!  Since GF products are so expensive the best place to get it is at Amazon on the automatic shipment plan.  It's great!
As tasty as the regular (gluten) product. Only drawback is that you don't get a lot of mix for your money. Half of the box is needed to make their 12 pancake recipe. On a good note, it's nice to have options - by far though, this was the best pancake mix I've tried...and I tried a lot!
This makes the best waffles that I have had in years. I will be glad to see more in grocery stores in our area
A great way to make cheese biscuits for the Celiac.  I serve to guests and they cannot believe that my Celeiac husband can eat them as they are sooooo good!!! Who says Gluten free has to taste bad!!!
(I'm the member of my family who needs to avoid wheat products.)<br />I like this even more than the regular Bisquick mix, when I make pancakes.<br />Its taste is closer to that of my from-scratch wheat flour pancakes.<br />Other members of my family have not tried it, yet, and I haven't used it in  a pizza crust or biscuits.
We LOVE the new gluten free Bisquick! I used to for cheddar biscuits mostly until we found out that we had a milk protein intolerance. Now, we are using this to make so many more recipes because it is dairy free and from what I can tell allergen free. The only thing I would like better (General Mills-if you are listening-I know I am not the only one that wants this) is if it came in bulk packaging. Just put the GF Bisquick in a larger box like the regular Bisquick and then sell in a 3 or 6 pack. Just mark that this review was helpful if you agree and maybe GM will listen! LOVE THIS-ORDER NOW!!
I usually make my own gluten free stuff from scratch and I love it, but the days when i feel lazy i feel like using a mix, and this one has to be the best one yet. Their mix tastes closely like the real (wheat) thing. I have made the pancakes, waffles, oven baked chicken, and strawberry shortcakes... absolutely delicious
Our family has been wheat-free for 3 years and gluten-free for 1 1/2 so we've tried just about every mix out there.  I just found that Bisquick has a GF mix while in the grocery store and decided to give it a try.  This is DEFINITELY the best mix that we have ever tasted: smooth, not grainy.  I don't know that side-by-side with regular wheat pancakes that you would notice the difference!
This is one of the most versatile mixes I've found, and most recipes come out tasting very much like the Full of Gluten Blends. I, like many, am struggling with celiac's disease, and I've only just found out I have it, so I'm not quite sure what to buy, what's healthy, and what doesn't taste like cardboard.<br /><br />Gluten Free is a way of life you have to adjust to in almost every way, from giving up many favorites, to training your pallet to love these new found grains.<br /><br />Bisquick is Rice based, and is very much like it's original version, however be aware that the pancakes will be a little less fluffy and that you should follow the recipe to the T when it comes to these. Betty Crocker has a Recipe website they've published for you using this product that has quite a few tasty treats you'll love. When it calls for Vegetable Shortening, be sure to use it, for example, biscuits made without shortening, and only butter will be very dry and not very satisfying, even difficult to swallow. Use recipes that include shortening, and will result in moist, fluffy foods and breads will help you end up with an enjoyable addition to your meal.<br /><br />Fun and Tasty Gluten Free Recipes for this mix can be found on the Betty Crocker website, they won't allow me to post the link here, sorry.<br /><br />UPDATE: ** Fun Tip about this and other Gluten Free Mixes, My mom Figured out that when you're mixing together your ingredients and you're using one that calls for milk, that if you mix together ONLY the BASE MIX and the MILK and let it set for about 15 minutes before continuing with your recipe and adding other ingredients, the end result is much fluffier and tastier **  This would be much like making tapioca pudding, you have to let the milk and tapioca soak to 'activate the tapioca' before moving on, so I think that type of reaction is what's happening here with the Bisquick Mix. YAY for Mom!<br /><br />Hope that helps you with your purchasing decision.<br />Thanks for reading!
I have been GF for the past year and have tried all sorts of flour alternatives. This one is certainly the best, and the best part about it, is you can substitute it for any creation that calls for original bisquick. The best so far is the waffles that you can make following the directions on the back. I will be ordering again!! My only complaint is that the boxes are small compared to the other boxes of bisquick available on the shelves.
This is excellent.  This is the best GF mix I've yet to try in over five years of trying it all.  It's not grainy, none of that rice grainy thing going on AT ALL.  The texture of everything I've used it for has been excellent.  This is a winner.  The price is a bummer, but the product is amazing.
I bought this product uncertain that it would be worth the money, and quickly came to love it. I made gf Biscuits and gravy for my family and we didn't mention that it was all gluten free. Everyone loved the biscuits. They didn't fall apart at all like a lot of other brands do. I used butter flavored shortening and I think it made the biscuits even more delicious. If you haven't tried it yet, try it now. I now buy a box a week. Amazon has a much better price than I can find in most stores in Vegas.
The best gluten free mix I've tried.  Of the recipes on the box I can vouch for the pancakes and the waffles- the biscuits were edible if not enjoyable.  The pancakes and waffles also freeze well.  I also recommend Betty Crocker's "Glutenfree Recipe Collection" magazine for extra recipes to try with or without this mix. From the magazine I have thus far made the chicken and dumplings (the dumplings disintegrate a bit too easily but are still good) and the fruit swirl coffee cake (I used a full can of pie filling per 8X8- I used apple and lemon pie fillings.  I thought the cake tasted rather like a cobbler or dry danish pastry).  The mix is quick, it's easy, it tastes good, and it is versatile.  And hey- although the packaging of the mix into the little boxes is a bit of a pain it does serve to keep the mix fresh!
My daughter was diagnosed with celiac about 2 years ago, and has gone without pancakes ever since...until I happened to come across this at the grocery store.  Really wasn't expecting good results - but it's very good!  The non-celiac members of the family even prefer the gf version to the regular!  Try it!
We've tried so many gluten free products and this one was by far the best. I've made pancakes, waffles, biscuits and the chicken recipe for the whole family with this and they can not tell the difference. Pamela's is a good mix too but this one is much better. It is expensive but when you've got a loved one who is gluten intolerant you're just thankful to have options for them. I can find it at some of my grocery stores but not all. You just have to check and see who carries it and then try a box. It's worth it!
I have been using G/F products for the past 4 years and it is good to see more main stream companies getting the religion.  The product works, the pancakes and waffles have come out beautifully.
We cant say enought about the Gluten Free Bisquick.. My husband and all three kids are allergic to Wheat and we are on a strick Gluten Free diet in our house.. I have tried every product out there to make pancakes, waffles, biscuits and even chicken fingers and was so pleasantly suprised that this little box does it all and does it all WONDERFUL... Pancakes are wonderful, Waffles are Great, Chicken Fingers are the best Ive made and the biscuits are delish.. Cant ask for anything better.. I only wish you could buy it ina bigger box and it was a little cheaper but we are a HUGE fan...
I love this. I have celiac, so this was the first time I had pancakes. I loved them, so did the rest of the family(they can eat wheat).
This Bisquick Gluten Free mix is amazing.  I haven't had a biscuit or banana bread in over a year and now I just can't stop making things.<br />I just made Banana Bread (for the 3rd time with this mix) and my family loves it.  I use it for everything, I am so pleased.  I made a cherry pie, Cheddar Biscuits.  I've been<br />using my old Bisquick recipes from ages ago and it is working fine.  I am so thankful for Amazon and their items.  I sure keep the UPS guy<br />busy.
I love this Bisquick Mix!  Over the past 10 years, since being diagnosed wheat gluten intolerant, I have tried so many gluten free mixes that were so bad I ended up feeling like I might as well be eating the box!  This Bisquick mix is by far the best I have found for making scones (plain or sweet) and biscuits!  The Orange biscuits, cheddar biscuits and raisin scones I have made were delicious. It was easy to substitute this mix into my old recipes, because unlike some gluten free mixes, I found I can play around with this and don't have to measure everything absolutely precisely to get a good outcome.  Of course, you can't roll this dough out like traditional dough, it has to be dropped onto the baking sheet in spoonfuls.  I have found that if I don't make it too sticky, I can gently form the balls in my hands to give a more regular shape to my scones and biscuits. I have also used it for making deep dish chicken pie and pizza (be sure you press it nice and thin in the pan - I use a silicone spatula to press it so that it doesn't stick). Bisquick Mix is made by the Betty Crocker company and this, along with the Betty Crocker cakes and brownie mixes, allows me to indulge in delicious baked goods again!  I have Bisquick Mix on Subscribe and Save, which makes it very affordable and makes sure that I don't ever run out!
I absolutely LOVE this product - being able to have pancakes was my original goal - however - I made the pizza with it & was absolutely thrilled about the pizza<br />These are small boxes (makes two pizzas per box), but I would highly recommend - I am reordering a pack of three now!
WOW!  Thank you BISQUICK for coming up with a gluten free product.  I tried it and it works wonderfully.  So far I have used ot for waffles (recipe on the box) which were excellent and a baked chicken and SPIKE recipe which was also wonderful.  Anyone needing gluten free products will like this.
After my husband's enthusiastic reaction to the glutin-free Bisquick biscuits,I rediscovered an old Bisquick recipe booklet and used its recipe to make an "impossible" cherry pie. He loved it! Next I'll try the Impossible Pecan Pie. This is the first gluten-free product that my husband really likes.  I will buy again although I'd like to find it packaged/sold less expensively than on Amazon.
I like the ease of this mix. I haven't tried anything but pancakes. They were great! I did add cottage cheese to my mix to add protein, which made them less fluffy but not less tasty. I can't wait to try this mix for chicken. I really miss fried chicken.
Can as be used to make cookies - even egg free!  I just used the mix, enough apple sauce to make a batter, some coconut butter and added vanilla and cinnamon and baked.  turned out soft delicious cookies with only 5 minutes from box to the oven.  However, even wallmart carries this for about one dollar per box less than here.
This is really a great product.  Works and tastes just like the gluten product.  Our son is a celiac and we have tried a lot of products.  We rate this "crossover" brand one of the best.
It was recently suggested to me I try going gluten-free to battle an autoimmune thyroid disorder.  I bought the Gluten-Free Bisquick hoping the pancakes would at least be edible.  The Bisquick has far exceeded my expectations!  The pancakes are light, fluffy, and delicious!  I definitely recommend this product!
I was so excited when Bisquick came out with the gluten free version, but I was frustrated with the length of time it took for me to get a hold of some.  I did finally order some through Amazon, and today I made pancakes using the mix.  Due a milk allergy, I made them with soy milk (the original 'flavor') and I added a little double strength vanilla. They were fantastic and my family and guests gobbled them up.  I will definitely make them again and try some of the other recipes.  <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004391DK0">Bisquick Pancake and Baking Mix, Gluten-Free, 16-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 3)</a>
We just bought this the other day because for about 2 years we have found that biscuits are a very hard wheat/gluten free item to make...I LOVE IT!!! I even went further and put holes in the middle of the biscuit dough, flattened them a bit and then fried them in a bit of oil, sprinkled with sugar and had DOUGHNUTS! My 3 year old feels like he is getting a treat!
Not gritty like a lot of GF mixes.  I make the whole box at once and keep them in the fridge, pop 'em in the toaster oven in the morning.
I wish some of these companies would say whether the rice is white or brown rice. I try very hard to just eat the whole grain version of any grain as they are more nutrient dense(plus lower glycemic). I've not tried this yet, but if it was listed as brown rice flour, I would have put it in my cart.
Just in case you don't know - these are about $4 a box at the store, so anything more than $12 for a 3 pack is not worth it.  This is a great product, though (that's what the 4 stars are for).  The pancakes & pizza dough are great, I make them all the time.
This product is so useful in managing a Gluten-free diet!  The inced. price @ Amazon .com makes it all a great buy.
In the summer my doctor suspected I had a gluten sensitivity. She wanted me to start making changes from packaged food and think about cutting out gluten. After a bad few months I did some research and found this bisquick. I have only made one thing so far, garlic cheese biscuits. They were very tasty and had no strange texture or flavor. They had a more spongey texture than a crumbly biscuits but I was halving the recipe so maybe that was why. I nibbled on a biscuit hours out of the oven and it was still as soft and tasty. I can't wait to try pancakes and coffee cake. The only draw back is how small the box is for the price! I will limit the use to once a week or so for a treat!
This is one of the best GLUTEN-FREE mix on the market!!! It makes fluffy pancakes and light cornbread.  Also it is a great price!  I have had different mixes on the market in all price ranges and this is the best!!!
I used the Bisquick Pancake and Baking GF mix to make snickerdoodle cookies.  They were very good and stayed fresh for some time.  Thank you for offering this mix.
I purchased this while out of town.  We used it a couple of times, but never for biscuits.  I did make pancakes out of it and they were pretty good.  Always use milk and butter.<br /><br />They are a bit heavy and have a slight slimy sense to them, but are significantly better than a lot of stuff out there. I did also use it to thicken some gravy and it was fabulous for that.  I used it for breading for chicken nuggets as well and it was good.  I would like to try this again  for pancakes, and make some biscuits before I make a final decision on it.
Our family has tried just about every gluten-free pancake mix on the market. Bisquick is one of the best! Two members of our family have celiac disease and three of us don't, but we all love this mix for our tradition of Saturday morning pancakes. The only other gluten-free pancake mix we like even better is: <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005XP3R4I">Nuffins Gluten Free Pancake Mix - Case of 6</a> It's not always available on Amazon, but when it is we try to stock up. Nuffins is definitely worth trying! Their other products are great too. Otherwise it's Bisquick or Pamelas for our family.<br /><br />The only "con" I can think of is the price. At $5.00+ per pound, this mix is expensive. If you agree, mark this review as helpful! Maybe the good folks at Betty Crocker will take notice.
I bought this on a whim because I was craving strawberry shortcake... wow! The biscuits can be a bit crumbly, but the texture is not objectionable. The taste was great! I use this for sweet and regular biscuits.<br /><br />We also use this for pancakes, and they are almost indistinguishable from regular pancakes. I add vanilla, a touch of brown sugar and cinnamon for a treat. Yum!<br /><br />Tip - I've found that most gluten free "bread" products work better if you let the batter sit for about 15 minutes after mixing the dry and wet ingredients. It seems to activate the batter, which makes the resulting stuff lighter and more moist.
I have used Bisquick forever and now that I have Celiacs I use the GF Bisquick and I love it! There is little to no difference at all between the two. I have made biscuits, pot pie and pancakes and they are all awesome. I find most all other brands have an after taste and Bisquick doesn't. Even my daughter who does not have a problem with gluten loves it and thinks its better than regular Bisquick and she is only 5. I will buy this product all the time its my #1 baking mix :)
When I first found out that my 4 year old I had to go Gluten free I was a little worried about how she would handle it. GF Bisquick has made it a lot easier. I have been able to make her favorite foods such as chicken fingers, corn dogs, pizza and chinese (sweet and sour chicken)with this mix. Pancakes are also a big hit in our house. They have quick and easy recipes on the box. For the chinese- I take their chicken finger recipe and cute the pieces of chicken into bite size pieces, and bake according to the recipe. Cook up some rice and just use a GF sweet and sour sauce a quick simple easy meal that tastes wonderful!
This mix is great for biscuits, snicker doodles and homemade chicken nuggets. But in our house that is all. We have been GFree for 3 years and yes, I have a house hold with a husband and kids and we make A LOT of GF stuff for EVERYONE. We LOVE the Pamela's baking mix for pancakes/waffles and sweetbreads and their flour blend THE ULTIMATE BEST out of them all for bread and as a sub for regular wheat flour recipes. But I will buy this mix (and yes, I do agree it is AWFULLY EXPENSIVE) for those three things I've mentioned and in a GF household, usually you find that having a few different blends for different products is just the best thing to do for the best taste. Not one flour does the best with everything.
I have been GF for 2years.  I used this product for biscuits and liked them but were a little dry.  As for the pancakes, I prefer another product.  The pricing is outrageous.  I am single but cannot imagine trying to justify this cost when making pancakes for a family.  I love the Betty Crocker GF cake mixes and brownies though.  I still make my biscuits and oven baked chicken using this product.  It is getting more difficult to find on store shelves so most times I order here.  I have several BC cookbooks and have used the GF version Bisquick  as substitute for the regular Bisquick..  Some come out Ok while others are not too good.  I am learning to vary ingredients to achieve better results.  My best experiment with this product was my scratch cornbread.  I use GF corn meal and this mix to make a delicious bread.  thank you BC for this product.  Work on the pricing.  I would use it more often if I could afford it.  Tired of manufacturers holding GF people hostage because it seems to be the latest "diet craze".  GF people have to have these products to live.<br /><br />Going GF saved my life and BC now makes products so I can enjoy baked goods again.  I make my own breads using other products and now biscuits, cakes, cookies with this and other BC GF products.  I also use this product when recipes call for small amounts of regular flour.  It depends on what I am making.<br /><br />As I am reviewing the product I gave it 5 stars.  I give the pricing 2 stars.
This product produces excellent (outstanding) Belgian waffles in my Waring Pro waffle iron.  They exceed anything you may buy in a restaurant.  Truly!  However, at $5 per box, the cost of the other ingredients you must add, time to prepare, and the small amount of product in the box, I suggest you look at other gluten-free products from Pamela's, The Gluten Free Pantry, Bob's Red Mill, or Arrowhead Mills.  You may see a better value for your food dollars.  Incidentally, Arrowhead Mills products are equally as tasty and easy to prepare, but I believe you are getting more product in the bag.  Feeding a family of 4 would be a crap shoot at best with a single box of this product.<br /><br />If the manufacturer were to repackage the product with more content per box and drop the price, I would have given it 5 stars. Safeway was the first store in San Francisco to offer this product and placed it in the center of its baking products.  Now, however, it has fallen to lowest shelf level with some prices sold by higher end grocers approaching $6 per box.  Forget it at those prices.  Hey, it's largely ultra fine white rice flour and super fine sugar!<br /><br />Bisquick would also benefit from a buckwheat GF product in its inventory.  I would certainly buy it.
Ok--I just bought BIsquick GF and the first thing I tried to make were the drop biscuits (recipe listed on the box).  These are not the kind that are rolled out & cut--these are "drop "biscuits.  The results were very tasty.  The taste of this GF bisquick is very much like the original, but the taste is not as tart as the original.  If you want a similar buttermilk taste, you will need to use buttermilk instead of milk in the biscuit recipe.  I noticed something else that was odd and might be a problem for anyone new to cooking; it seems that the amount of mix called for is not quite right.  I read the side of the box and it claims that there are 3 2/3 cups of mix in the box (11 servings of 1/3 cup each).  The biscuit recipe called for 2 cups of mix. I measured heaping teaspoonfuls into a measuring cup and I don't even have a cup of mix left in the bag?????  I know this mix doesn't have wheat flour and maybe that kind of flour measures differently, maybe if I dug into the bag with a cup, I would have used less, but the recipe came out right.  So, there must be a misprint on the box.  I am assuming I measured properly because I have biscuits that can be dipped in gravy, smothered with butter & jam, or sliced to make those yummy McDonald's breakfast sandwiches. By following the instructions, I have A LOT of biscuits.  If you are single, or just cooking for two; you might want to cut the recipe in half.  You will still have plenty and you won't go through the box so quickly.  This mix cost me around $5.00 and I don't have enough left to make anything else, without buying another box; which I will because these biscuits are really, really good.  Still, if you are watching your budget, don't prepare more than you need.<br /><br />About these biscuits:  yummy, fairly golden (because the recipe calls for eggs), and they can be sliced with some crumbly edges, just like glutenous ones.  Without the eggs, you probably won't get the nice eye-appealing color.  Even though they are drop biscuits, you still have to cut-in shortening or margarine. If you don't have a cutter, you will need to use a long fork.  That is more difficult, so if you are a celiac that has been craving biscuits; buy a cutter.  It will cost you as much as a box of this mix.  The biscuit recipe also calls for milk, so if you want that nice tart taste that is reminiscent of the original bisquick; you will need to use buttermilk.<br /><br />The mix is made up of rice flour, sugar, leavening, potato starch, salt, & xanthum gum.  Many mixes and goodies made with rice flour taste grainy.  Bisquick has done a fantastic job with the rice flour.  It is not grainy at all; I repeat, it is not grainy at all.  For those of you new to celiac cooking; using a starch such as corn, potato, or tapioca is normal and adds a lightness to the baked item that wouldn't be possible with rice flour alone.  Leavening is simply baking soda or powder and is necessary for rising.  The sugar and salt are for flavor and consistency,  and yes, they are necessary.  As for the Xanthum gum; it is a perfectly natural ingredient and it gives celiac-safe baked goods a bit of elasticity (acting as a replacement for the gluten).  You will find Xanthum gum in just about every baked goodie made for people with celiac disease.  Can you just make your own mix and spend less money?  Sure, but you will have a very difficult time finding rice flour as finely ground as the rice flour that is the predominant and main ingredient in this mix.<br /><br />The other recipes listed on the box are for pancakes, waffles, strawberry shortcakes, pizza crust, ultimate chicken fingers, and oven baked chicken.  You can find more recipes on their website.<br /><br />I recommend this product for the taste.  I do wish that more mix was in the box, for the price.
Love this mix for pancakes!<br />Many GF products have other ingredients I'm allergic to, so finding something that tastes great and is convenient is pretty exciting. I make a batch of pancakes and freeze individual servings to microwave later.<br />Just had the yummy Cheeseburger pie for dinner last night, recipes can be found on Bettycrocker.com.
It is very nice to be able to have biscuits again.  I can only say they need to make a bigger box.  We run out way to fast.
Love this!  It's so good and makes perfect pancakes.  Love that it's also dairy free.  My husband, who does not have gluten intolerance like I do, likes them as well.  Hard to tell a difference between this and the gluten-y version.<br /><br />I love companies that make gluten free versions of their foods!
We have tried a lot of different GF mixes and when I found this new mix from Bisquick, I decided to try it.  I made waffles for my family and even my kids couldn't tell they were GF.  They almost taster better than my original wheat recipe.  No strange texture or after taste.
I can't say that biscuits made from this mix taste as good as the regular wheat.  But that said, for those of us needing gluten free foods, it's not bad either.
I just recently had to go gluten free and have been disappointed by the gluten free flours and baking mixes.  I bought this and it's amazing!  Just like the original Bisquick.  Although it is cheaper at Walmart.
When I discovered my sensitivity to gluten about 6 months ago, I was dismayed by most of the horrible gluten-free foods on the market. I have since found some substitute foods that are acceptable to me. Bisquick gluten-free pancake and baking mix is one of them. I use it every Sunday to make either pancakes or waffles. I recommend this mix whole-heartedly!
The absolute best baking product of its kind---I have tried almost ALL gluten-free baking products and Bisquick Gluten Free is by far the BEST!!!  A little expensive but worth the money!!!!!
For those with gluten allergies, this is great. The shortcakes, biscuits, pancakes taste much the same as with the regular Bisquick. My only problem with it is that it comes in such a small size. Would love for them to box it in larger sizes.
This is a healthy alternative to regular Bisquick and works great in any biscuit mix recipe. I will surely buy it again.
Was on GF Diet for about 6 months. Used this new product from this old quality company with excellent results. Still use it for variety.<br />A box goes a long way. A little expensive but worth it.
this is a great product. Perfect for the celiac searching for biscuit mix or pancake mix that actually tastes good.  Also great topping for chicken pot pie.
This product is BEYOND AMAZING! I have been cooking pancakes in assorted ways for four decades. And, for home use, no other product comes close to this Bisquick Gluten Free Mix. It is superior not only to every gluten-free product on the matter; it is ALSO superior to every other mix (gluten-free or not) on the market. Friends and family are constantly amazed and surprised when I serve them breakfast. So, to everyone and anyone, don't make the mistake of associating this Bisquick product w/ other gluten-free products that result in food that tastes like cardboard.<br />Last thought: Thanks to Amazon for making it available as a subscription purchase, since I can no longer find it in any South Florida supermarkets.
This stuff makes great pancakes and shortcake that I am actually allowed to eat!<br />My doctor tells me I'm celiac- this was three years ago now. I just hope I can continue to find this Bisquick!
These are really good. I like to make them with a little extra milk so that they are thin. I can't even tell the difference between this and regular pancakes. It's worth the price for my family.
We've been using Pamela's for making pancakes and waffles, but I saw Bisquick and grabbed a box to try it.  It made the absolute BEST waffles we'd ever had - gluten free or not!  Pamela's has you separate the egg yolk from the egg white and made making our Saturday morning waffles tedious.  I added two packets of Splenda to Bisquick's batter and everyone (including my super-picky kid) came back for seconds.  I was a little worried because the batter seemed a bit gritty, but they baked up very smooth and fluffy.  My husband made fried chicken from the mix as well.  We didn't have any left overs of that, either.<br /><br />Way to go, Bisquick!
I love that it is mainstream and that it works like bisquick. Not all recipes work the same as regular bisquick though.. so I wish they had more recipes available. It does taste more "gluten free" than some other options out there.
1 cup gf Bisquick<br />1 cup soy or almond milk<br />3/4 cup sugar<br />cinnamon to taste<br /><br />Pour over your favorite fruit and bake for for a quick delicious cobbler.<br /><br />Gluten-free Bisquick isn't quite as fluffy and crumbly as the original but it is definitely worth it for the GF crowd.
Love these! Pancakes were something I missed the most after going on a gluten-free diet 8 years ago, until now... These are fantastic! :-) Thank you for making them. I love Amazon mom's because i get these shipped monthly. thank you!
I find the gluten-free Bisquick pancake mix to be just as easy to use as the original Bisquick, and I like the flavor just fine (not much different than regular Bisquick).  It's easy to make the pancakes, just add milk, oil, an egg, mix, and pour on the griddle.  Cooking time seems to be about the same, and the consistency of the pancakes is just like regular pancakes.  I would definitely recommend this mix to anyone needing gluten-free products.
I was able to use this Gluten free product and make it taste better than any restaurant by bringing the buttermilk to room temperature and separating the yokes from the whites and adding additional baking powder and baking soda to the recipe. I love it. Served with pure maple syrup brings it out of this world.
My 18 year old son cannot tolerate gluten, so I have been on a quest to find a pancake/biscuit mix for him that he will actually like. I tried a few others and they were horrible. I felt so bad for my son and kept looking. Thank goodness I found Bisquick. It tastes most like real pancake mix and my son really enjoys it. I have made him biscuits too and he is thrilled to eat "bread" again.  I highly recommend this mix for anyone who simply cannot eat wheat.
I have been on GF diet for a month and it's hard to find food that taste good or even close to what I used to eat. But when my husband found Bisquick Gluten Free at the store, the issue of what to eat for breakfast never came up. Actually my husband eats the GF pancakes wnow even if he doesn't need a gluten free diet. The pancakes are lighter and very tasty. Just follow the box directions.
This product is a MUST HAVE for Celiacs!  The garlic biscuits and pizza crusts you can make are amazing!!
Product has similar taste of wheat pancakes without the gluten.  Even other family members not on gluten-free diet like it.
Made really great biscuits; even my non-GF husband enjoyed them!  My only complaint would be that the packages aren't very big; I used 2 cups to make a batch of biscuits and I don't think there's even 1 cup left in the package.
After finding out I had a sensitivity to wheat, I searched for alternatives. I decided to try this mix and make some biscuits. Wow, were they good! They sort of reminded me of challah with a slight eggy flavor. They came out more like sandwich rolls (rather than flaky biscuits) but not quite as big. I'm thinking of making them super size next time so I can slice them in half and use for my lunches. After eating corn tortillas every day, I'm glad I found something else I can have. I also made an oven pancake with the mix and that was very good too. I highly recommend it.
I tried this today with a recipe from my Bisquik cookbook for a chocolate chip cookie recipe. They came out great! My son who has Autism and food sensory issues came back for seconds. My 16 year old daughter stated they tasted like regular cookies. The recipe was easy but took my whole box of mix. They stayed puffy as I like my cookies that way anyway. I experimented with one tray and refrigerated it. It did not matter other than taking another couple minutes of baking. Will definitely buy this mix again.
Nothing gritty and second rate here!  They are just as good and the only pancake mix we use for the whole family, gluten free or not! They are that good!!
I've never made gluten free items before and I got great reviews from customers for my gluten free coffee cake.
So being Gluten Free is hard, especially in a dorm. But I have gotten really good at making Gluten free pancakes on an electric frying pan. They are super yummy! I also make these really yummy cheesy garlic biscuits. This stuff is heaven sent! Makes food that is reminiscent of "normal food"
I LOVE this product! After ten years of doing without, the pancakes and waffles from this product are fantastic! I, too, wish it was packaged in a larger box, but as it is, I don't mind devoting more shelf space to several boxes.
We have been living gluten-free for 5 years now, and this mix is the best I have found!  It makes great waffles.
IT IS HARD FINDING SIMILAR PRODUCTS FOR OUR GLUTEN FREE CHILD, FOR THINGS SHE LOVED BEFORE BEING DIAGNOSED WITH CELIAC DISEASE.  THIS IS A MIX THAT SHE LOVES FOR PANCAKES.  SHE EVEN MADE SWEET POTATO BISCUITS YESTERDAY WITH IT. WE HAVE FOUND IT ON SALE FOR $1.79 PER BOX AT OUR LOCAL GROCERY STORE (LESS THAN AMAZON A FEW TIMES,) SO WE STOCK UP WHEN IT IS ON SALE.  IT WILL BE NICE WHEN GLUTEN FREE FOODS ARE PRICED MORE CLOSELY TO THE WHEAT MIXES.  I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS FOR YOU.  WE WILL TRY MANY MORE RECIPIES USING THIS PRODUCT IN THE FUTURE.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004391DK0">Bisquick Pancake and Baking Mix, Gluten-Free, 16-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 3)</a>
My daughter that is 16 and allergic to Wheat refuses to follow the diet. Until I bought this. Now I make her Waffles and freeze them every few days. I usually get 7-8 waffles out of a box. They are excellent.
We use gluten free bisquick for many different things - biscuits, pancakes, etc.  Tastes good & lets us serve our kids that are gluten free the same thing as the whole family.
I just recently bought Gluten Free Bisquick for the first time.  It has been wonderful.  I have to admit that I am addicted to their pancakes. They are so light and thick and fluffy (unlike homemade gluten free pancakes).  They are absolutely delicious!
This product made wonderful pancakes -- I couldn't taste the difference between this Gluten-Free version and the original. I tried using it to make pizza dough to relative success. The texture was a little bit weird but it tasted good!
I was happily surprised with this product. I read other negative reviews and was honestly disappointed in Betty Crocker gf cake mix so I didn't feel the need to try this. I finally bought it at a whim when I saw it at my local market and I am happy I did. I am a baker at heart and love to spoil my family with homemade deserts and pancakes on the weekends. I have adjusted my cooking and baking to primarily gf for the past year now and am happy when I find a gf alternative that cooks & tastes like "the real thing". Another plus is that I can buy this at my local market (which does not carry too many specialty foods) and don't have to make the extra trip to the higher end store.<br /><br />I made pancakes today and they were a hit with everyone. Will definitely use it to try other recipes.<br />Only downside is the cost and size of box; very pricey and very small.
This mix made tasty, crispy waffles using a standard waffle iron, but the whole box only made 3.5 waffles.  This would be a five star product for me if I could get more than one family meal out of it for the price.
I've been gluten free for 12 years now, have tried many bread mixes, and I love this one.  So does my husband, who is not gluten free.  I hope that everyone supports these Bisquick products, since big brand gluten-free bread and pasta products are so rare, and so rarely good.  It was something special for me when these came out (if you can imagine waiting a decade for this, you'll understand).  If those of us with celiac disease/gluten-intolerance keep enjoying them, maybe the price will come down (though it's not bad now) and they will offer bulk deals.  It will also wake up other manufacturers.  I would happily order a case or much larger package.  I can make my own bread, but I prefer to use a mix, and use my cooking time for main dishes.  So don't hesitate to try it, I can't imagine being disappointed by this product.  However, I do find it for less at my local grocery store.
Extremely happy with Bisquick gluten free!  I had no idea what to expect and was very pleasantly surprised.  I always preferred Bisquick pancakes over other popular brands through the years.  I am happy to say that I can eat my favorite brand of pancakes again without any health repercussions (gluten intolerant).  My next objective is to make the roll recipe on  the box.  I wish all manufacturers would take note of the rising gluten problem in this country!
This mix makes the most delicious pancakes! My gluten eating family wanted mine instead of theirs! I have Also make sausage balls and biscuits for biscuits and gravy with it! So Good!
I was amazed to find this on the shelf of my favorite grocer (sorry to say, cheaper than it is sold here, even with subscribe and save....).  First thing I made was my childhood favorite - dumplings - and they were just like I remembered them to be!  The whole family was happy with them - they were such a big hit!  I can't wait to make blueberry muffins this summer.  I have never been able to duplicate the taste of Bisquick with any other gf recipe, and no other recipe for blueberry muffins is quite the same, in my opinion.<br /><br />Thank you, General Mills!
Like the title says, I have tried (nearly) all the brands, spent a lot of money, and in the end these are the best Gluten Free Pancakes I've had.<br /><br />I am not happy about the lack of fiber, and the the starchy flours used. But a handful of ground flax seed makes up for that.<br /><br />I am also happy about a brand that helps you to make biscuits and other things from the same mix. Other companies sell biscuits and pizza dough as a separate item, duping the customer to spend even more money.<br /><br />Compared to the many other brands, these do not have a "funny" taste or smell from odd flours. These are made mostly from Rice and Potato flours. You just feel NORMAL.<br /><br />I hope they will come out with a "whole grain" version from Brown Rice and Bean flour.<br /><br />TIP: To get the fluffiest texture use BUTTER instead of oil. Room temperature butter.
I am a Bisquick biscuit lover from way back, and I thought the biscuits made per the recipe were a little blah, but I think they would be perfect using butter or margarine in place of shortening, so I have hope. As far as the cobbler goes, I made a triple berry using the shortcake recipe on the back (which calls for butter rather than shortening) as the crust. It was amazing.<br />If you are expecting the ease of regular bisquick, forget it. This is not a "just add milk and stir" kind of product. The biscuits require the addition of egg, shortening (cutting it in, but it is easy and not too messy to mix with your fingers), and milk. Also wish there was more in the box. Most of the recipes on the back require the use of the whole box.
I was so excited to see gluten-free Bisquick. My grandmother and mother both used it. I fondly remember their strawberry shortcake, so that was the first thing I made. I almost cried, it was so good. I have since made the pancakes (yum yum) and baked chicken. I'm a regular at their web site, liveglutenfreely.com for its great recipes. Thank you, Bisquick!
I like this product, and will order it online again since it is a much better price than the grocery store.  I wish the box was a bit bigger, but it will do.  It is plain, but it makes a light and fluffy pancake.  You can add flavor with vanilla extract, cinamon, or blueberries.  I liked the texture of the biscuit recipe, but it came out more like a muffin.  I'm going to make it in a muffin pan next time and put cranberries in it.  I made my biscuits with butter.  If you are creative with the use of add ins, I think it would make good quickbreads, but not the rising type.
My son just started the Gluten Free diet and I have tried some foods out there just seeing what he will eat. He loved it, I couldn't believe it at first but he kept eating. I'm really glad that I was able to find something that he loves to eat for breakfast. My little girl has starring to eat it to and she says it taste good. I buy it every time I run out cause I love eating it too.
I have always trusted the Bisquick name, so I decided to buy this product.  I was thrilled with the pancakes and muffins I was able to make.  The only thing I have a problem with is the size of the box.  It's very small.  Like most GF product, you pay much more than you would for the non-GF counterpart. :(
Thank goodness Bisquick finally went Gluten -Free!  I have been 3 years diagnosed with Celiac, and besides pillsbury rolls, pancakes have been few and far between as have good biscuits!  We have eaten many pancakes since this product came out.  Way to go Betty Crocker!  Only negative is that this is actually cheaper in my local stores.
My wife and daughter are Celiac but my son and I are not. We have been using Bob's Red Mill GF pancake mix and it's pretty good but you can tell it's gluten free. The pancakes we made today with this Bisquick mix were amazing. My mother, my son, and I could barely tell them from the normal wheat version on flavor. The texture is a bit different but they're light and fluffy unlike a lot of overly dense GF versions. We'll definitely be stocking up on this and using it with some of the old stand-by regular Bisquick recipes to see how it works in them.
This is a great product! Hats off to Betty Crocker once again. They are becoming a more "MAIN STREAM" go-to company for people who are gluten free!
So far, I've only had time to make waffles with this new GF Bisquick, but they were delicious. Sometimes with gluten free products, you have to use other weird ingredients, or processes to make them. These waffles were super fast, easy, and seriously delicious. Can't wait to make other things!
The product is very good. Way too expensive and at almost 5.00 a box to get pancakes or biscuits I was disappointed
My family is gluten intolerant and we use this product extensively.  Pancakes, biscuits, waffles, it doesn't really matter what you need to bake, this mix comes through.  This is my go to mix above Bob's and all others we have tried.  Try a box, follow the instructions for pancakes, and tell me they aren't awesome... go ahead... I dare you.
I have tried numerous boxed gluten free flours, and I never get the consistent results I get from Bisquick's GF Mix. It's also more economical than making your own (who wants to buy 5+ flours just to make a cake??). And this one never has that strange metallic smell others like Bob's have. I find myself making pancakes, biscuits, cupcakes again after years of going bread free due to a wheat allergy.<br /><br />My one complaint is that I can't seem to find this in any local store; I have my fingers crossed that Amazon continues to carry this!
I have purchased San Francisco Bay coffee before. I have always found that the quality of their coffee is excellent. The beans are always well chosen and slow roasted. A very high quality coffee at a reasonable price.
The coffee was good but didn't have a strong flavor. Wouldn't buy this product again. Nice to try new products and try new flavors.
I had tried a small batch of the pods for my Keurig and fell in love....this Fog Chaser variety is just about perfect.  I shall be ordering more beans so I never run out.
Oue two labs love these and they are soooo expensive in the pet stores ($4.50) each. We got these in bulk for under a dollar each.
The thickness is just as described. They are not thin as straws like some other reviews had stated. My 2 pet chihuahuas love them very much. It usually takes them an hour or so to finish chewing so it's a great time passer for them. One negative thing I'd complain is the strong smell of the bag, though. I have to tuck it away in a corner in order not to smell it often when pass by. This might not apply to everyone, since my nose is a bit more sensitive than most normal people. Over all, I'd had given 5 star if it wasn't for the smell, I have to give 4 stars for now.
Great on any thing from rice to pasta to burgers.  I cant wait until the week end for my favorite over easy eggs, hash browns, and this mix.  More heat than you would expect, have tried a couple other brands, not the same....
With all natural ingredients and no preservatives; all I can say is "fantastic".  There is no expiration date but I would eat this within a week or two -- faster if it's opened.  Absolutely excellent!<br /><br />You can freeze these with no loss of quality.<br /><br />Don't order if the weather is hot because they ship it in cool bags with cold packs instead of styrofoam with dry ice.  My orders usually arrive cool but not cold.
in my opinion these are heads and twos above any pickle that you normally find at your local grocery store.  a lot of nice, sweet, pickle flavor.  I probably won't buy again off of amazon because of shipping charges, but if i ever see them locally, i'll buy a bunch.
I gave this as a stocking stuffer to my husband to remind him of our last holiday in beautiful Jamaica.  It has a truly tropical taste that is very unique and yummy.
Best grapefruit soda on the market!! Cost is good, but shipping is expensive. I still buy it every now and then for a special occasion!
I was looking for holiday sprinkles in bulk and lucked up to find these.  I have purchased this brand at Williams and Sonoma before but always in small containers.  I paid the same amount here for the bulk package.  I am very happy.
What a steal!  I make a lot of Gingerbread Cookies during the holidays - large ones - over 6" long - and I bag them in florist corsage bags.  They look like you bought them at a fancy store.  These decorations are the best and they are so cheap.
India Tree products are great and you cannot beat the value here at Amazon.I use these to decorate cakes and cupcakes.  They will get a workout as the holidays near.
It must be true because it says so on the package: "America's Favorite Cake."<br /><br />I seem to remember a check box on the 2010 Census regarding cake preference, but I don't think I voted for Yellow Cake. I would have voted for Devil's Food Cake, although it may be politically incorrect these days to mention, you know, The Devil, so I may have voted for German Chocolate Cake, but Germany is, you know, the Old Europe, so I  may have voted for a chocolate cupcake. But without peanuts because so many people are now allergic to peanuts that they can't even serve 0.5 grams of salted nuts on airplanes. Sigh.<br /><br />Where was I? Hmmm? Oh, yes....<br /><br />I certainly would vote for Duncan Hines cake but I feel it should be mentioned that this is not cake.....yet. This is cake mix.<br /><br />Its sort of a cake fetus, or a cake stem cell. It still needs lots of development. You have to add additional ingredients and warmth and time to develop the mix into a cake. There is the promise of cake, but unless you follow the protocol written on the box very carefully, you may not get cake. Depending on what you do, you may get something very odd and rubbery or something very dark and charred.<br /><br />It's complicated!<br /><br />Amazon has allowed third-party vendors to offer Duncan Hines Cake Mixes for sale for quite some time. An example of this is: <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002IMS5K">Duncan Hines Classic Yellow Layer Cake Mix 18.25 oz - 6 Unit Pack</a>. Amazon, being a very clever retailer, has obviously read the numerous, highly enthusiastic customer reviews for this product, and has now started selling these products directly to its customers, so many of whom must be begging for a six pack of a product readily available in any supermarket or convenience store.<br /><br />In order to enhance customer demand, Amazon's copywriters have outdone themselves listing this product's outstanding features:<br /><br />-Pack of six, 16.5 18.25 ounces each (now 1.75 oz. lighter!)<br />-The moistest, most delicious<br />-A special treat for the special people<br /><br />Of course, "the special people" must be those who voted for Duncan Hines Yellow Cake Mix. That's why it's "America's Favorite Cake". Makes perfect sense. This is a Democracy! This is a great country and this is great cake mix!<br /><br />Another thing you should know is that you get six boxes of cake mix. This is enough mix to incubate a very, very big sheet cake that would require a very, very large incubator or oven. You could also prepare a tall 12 layer cake which would kind of look like a miniature version of the Coit Tower in San Francisco. Certainly enough "the moistest, most delicious" yellow cake for a very large number of "the special people".<br /><br />Finally, a charming aspect is that on the very same page as this product, Amazon suggests "Customers Who Bought This Product Also Bought": Cottonelle Fresh Flushable Wipes, Refills, Case of 4 / 84s (336 ct). Obviously, "the special people" anticipate getting down with this cake. Six boxes of cake mix is bound to make a mess in the kitchen and later on, there will be cake crumbs on lips and chins and fingers.<br /><br />A few Cottonelle Fresh Flushable Wipes could come in handy!<br /><br />Smart!
thanks for having it sent to me promptly. i was very happy to be able to order it online and get it the next couple days.
Ghirardelli isn't the finest chocolate you can buy, but it's pretty good, and the Intense Dark Assortment is both inexpensive, and provides you a few possibilities.<br /><br />I've lately taken to unwrapping a 60%, 72% and 86% cacao square for each dinner guest and setting them on an individual saucer, to serve as an after-dinner sampler with red wine or Scotch. That's been a pretty popular approach. A similar approach also works "therapeutically"---if someone's having a bad day, sitting them down with a small assortment of increasingly intense chocolate isn't a bad path to feeling a little better.<br /><br />I do wish that there were the same number of each in the bag; that's the only downside. Of course, if you really want the sets of three to serve to guests, you'll have to go through the tiresome task of somehow eating the extras. Darn.
Many reports are coming out about how chocolate is actually good for you, so eat more!  This is the perfect chocolate to do that with.  The varying levels of cocoa are perfect to help adjust your taste buds to eating dark, dark chocolate. It's not an easy transition for a milk/semi-sweet kinda gal, but this chocolate is affordable and so tasty.  I also like that I can just have one (as they are individually wrapped), and choose my %.
I love this sampler of Ghiradelli Chocolate Intense Dark Squares especially now that nutritionists recommend you have an oz. of dark chocolate each day that is over 70% cacoa.  Chocolate is a vegetable a friend reminded--it's a bean!<br /><br />These chocolates are affordable, tasty, rich, intense, silky smooth and just the right size.  I love to serve them for after dinner.  The squares are fairly large and individually wrapped.  It's great to have different amounts of cacoa depending on guests' tastes.  Dark chocolate is an acquired taste for some.  Of course, the darker the chocolate, the healthier so you can work your way up to the 86% cacoa. Great to have on hand for the holidays.  If you are on a diet and want a low calorie chocolate healthy treat, having these individually wrapped dilutes the temptation.  I'm happy with one square most days.<br /><br />These are a great non-guilty pleasure that are good for your health!
I got this for a family member as part of a football themed gift. I like that the basket can be reused. I have had the pasta before, so I know it is good. I don't know how the other items taste.
36 of these candy bars just might seem like overkill, but you can always tell yourself that you're going to give them out to company! Of course, the truth is that they are way too good to give away to anybody -- they can just go get their own.<br /><br />The good news is that they are shipped so fresh and soft that they will last 'till you can finish off your stash!<br /><br />They're awesome!
This product is shipped so fresh that even if it takes your family months to eat their way through the box, the last 'Bit-O-Honey' will still be fresher than anything you can buy off the shelf at your local grocer.  These are the large candy-bar sized, wrapped in wax paper.  Because they are fresh, they are soft like taffy and so a breeze to extract from the wax paper, plus have the fullest flavor ever.  Enjoy!!
They're almost gone already, and I'm about 5 pounds heavier, but these candy bars are much fresher than anything in the stores--if and when you can find an outlet that carries them! Yum!
The Bit o' honey candy that I ordered took me back to my childhood when I used to buy the product.  It arrived in a timely manner, in good shape, and of course it tasted delicous.
EXCELLENT QUALITY AND SO O O FRESH.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000E5AO8O">Bit O' Honey Candy, 1.7-Ounce Packets (Pack of 36)</a>
I was glad I ordered this candy. It still taste like it did 20 years ago.
I was just going to reorder the "Bit-O-Honey"  Last me a long time and I enjoy eating it slowly in my mouth... Just like a kid!
love my Taffy<br />She's so laffy<br />Her name is Bit O' Honey<br />She gives me a kiss<br />Oh what, "A Bliss"
My neighbor and I love this candy and it's difficult to find the 1.7 oz. packets in the stores.  So I just decided to purchase a whole case.  They were fresh and great tasting.
Best Bit-O-Honey I have ever eaten.<br />I have always bought this product at a local grocery store and it was always hard, I figured it was suppose to be that way. But after eating the box I bought here I now know better; the candy was soft and delicious.<br />I plan to continue buying Bit-O-Honey from here.
This is an excellent candy for those of us who have to limit our chocolate intake.  Each bar is sectioned into six pieces, which helps with portion control--and makes it perfect for sharing!  My only quibble is that it's sometimes hard to get all the waxed paper off the candy, as it's quite sticky.
Haven't had Bit O Honey since I was a kid ... and seeing them on Amazon made the purchase a "no-brainer."  And they were as good as I remember.
I hate honey but I love Bit O Honey candy. I really don't taste the honey in them. I like the bars better than the individually wrapped candies because the shape is easier to eat. I like them hard, brittle and chewy, not soft. This is actually cheaper per bar than where I buy them locally.
This was my second order of Bit O Honey.<br />The first one arived with the celophane cut and one item missing.<br />I hope Mr. Sticky Fingers found the candy as enjoyable as I did.
Dried berries, still with texture and the quintessential aroma. Pot roast is so much better with half a dozen berries flattened into the breadboard and scooped into the pickling mixture. But in ten years, trying to find them - gee. So now I know to look for it on Amazon.
Again, exactly what I ordered. No fuss, no muss. Arrived on time. Pretty much an ideal transaction. Only thing that threw me was that I underestimated the quantity. (gallon baggie in the freezer, ftw)
Love these little peanut butter dipped granola bars.  They are delicious.  They are only one point on the Weight Watchers POINTS system.  Even you were not dieting, these bars are a great and filling snack.
We love them! This is a great 100 calorie snack. I snack on them throughout the day. My husband, and 3 year old enjoys eating them as well.
I love Pico Pica.  It adds some flavor, and it's not too hot. I eat it at least 2 meals every day. It's good on eggs, it's good on pizza, it's good on vegetables.<br /><br />Really, you can't go wrong.
Thank goodness for MexGrocer. We love this Pico Pica sauce. I cannot find this product in local grocery stores anymore.  Internet shopping makes living in a podunk town bearable. No more long lists saved for the occasional trip to the "big city". I am on a first name basis with the UPS and FedEx drivers. USPS shipments are hit and miss, if they fit in the mailbox, great, if not, then it's saddle up and head to town. Pico Pica is our favorite product, it is so good!  Love it!
This is a very different sauce - nothing like anything you'll find in the grocery store. It's closer to the "botique" salsas that have recently appeared with the new "taco restaurant" trend. It's a little smokey. My picky 3-year old will eat a burrito with this on it. My family always had this (mild) on the table in Southern California and now that I've been transplanted in South Florida I am happy to mail-order. You can get the little single-serve pouches directly from the company, too.
This company is an American Classic been in business over 90 years. Why? Because it is the best hot sauce and taco sauce bar none. There are some other good brands oout there, but this is the best and nothing compares to it. The Hot sauce has reasonable heat and bite and adds unique flavor to your favorite Mex foods. The taco (Mild) sauce is milder and just perfect on tacos, enchaladas, tostadas, tamales, Bell Beefers, and frozen mex dinners. The harder to find green sauce is to die for. Great on everything! Unfortunately I don't see the green stuff on Amazon but you can find it. Just get it. Try all three. I grew up with this stuff so am very partial to it. I keep about five or six bottles (each variety) on my shelves at all times. After you try this you will not want to go back to the run of the mill commercial stuff.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0000GGHZQ">Pico Pica Mexican Hot Sauce 7 oz - HOT</a><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0000GGI00">Pico Pica - MILD - Mexican Hot Sauce 7 oz</a><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0084D71ZM">Pico Pica Mexican Hot Sauce 7 oz - HOT(PACK OF 3)</a>
I gave this as a gift and it was a big hit.  Nothing was broken, it was gift wrapped (paid for this), and even came with additional salt samples.  I was surprised at the amount of salt in each tube.  More than enough to get numerous meals of use out of each.  It was well recieved and I wouldn't hesitate to buy again.  I will say I think the shipping cost was a tad high, but the salt was a good deal so it evens out.
I bought this product for a friend, but I liked it so much, I'm keeping it and buying a second one for my friend!
I ordered this collection on 6/9/10 and it arrived on 6/12. Although it was was very well-packaged, this did not prevent the USPS from managing to break one of the tubes. The seller was contacted by email and a replacement requested. As this was a birthday gift and the occasion was only a week away, I offered to pay for expedited shipping. Seller responded immediately stating that a replacement would be shipped ASAP. The replacement tube arrived three days later in good shape. My offer to pay additional shipping charges was declined. In summary, this product is excellent and the customer service absolutely first rate. I highly recommend both the product and the seller.
I ordered this salt collection for my husband as a Christmas gift. He absolutely loves it and has used it every night since. This is a great gift for anyone who enjoys cooking. I will be ordering the second collection for him soon.
What a great gift! I bought it for a couple of foodie friends and they LOVED it. It came beautifully packaged ready to gift. I would totally recommend it.
This is such a great product from subtle flavors and aromas for delicate dishes to smokey salts for hearty cooking, this is a great product for the chef who loves flavor and experimenting in the kitchen.  This is such a cool product!!
Last year I gave this along with <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1845979125">Salt: Cooking with the World's Favorite Seasoning</a> to my foodie friends and family. They all loved it! The salt tubes were well packaged and I ordered 10 sets and had no broken tubes. The package also came with salt samples which I really appreciate. I have Collection Sets 1 and 2 on my counter and get lots of comments about them when people visit.
I purchased the Old World collection directly from the Spice Lab as a Father's Day gift for my husband.  The item was extremely well packed and arrived ahead of schedule. A small wooden salt spoon, sample packets of gourmet salts and a reference/index card with information about each of the 11 salts were included. Brett was responsive and helpful. This is a great company with an interesting variety of salts and spices. I will definitely make a future purchase and refer the Spice Lab to others.<br /><br />UPDATE: I'm disappointed that my email reguarding a broken test tube and cork has gone unanswered.  The first time I used one of the salts, I was extrememly gentle but a large piece broke off as well as some of the cork top. The tubes should not be so fragile so I sent an email to that affect to Brett, the owner. Despite answering my initial email about how much I loved the gift and where could I post a positive comment, he has not responded with regards to the breakage. Good customer service would be to follow up.....
What a wonderful starter kit this is.  While I am and was familiar with some varieties of exotic sea salts, I certainly had not had the opportunity to try this many at one time.  Tather than chance buying a product that I did not like and being stuck with it, this allowed me to give each and everyone a try.<br /><br />I plan to order at least three more sets for presents this coming year for friends that, like me, are foodies.<br /><br />This is an excellent product.
this product is great  and so is the company I had problem with the post office and they were right there to resolve the issue this is a great gift to yourself or to others
This is a very neat gift for someone you know that is into cooking and eating.  It has a wide variety of exotic salt represented in the collection.<br /><br />There is a surprising amount of salt in the collection.  In other words, each tube holds about as much salt as would fill a small salt shaker.
Purchased this as a gift for a couple of salt loving friends - It is great and attractive! A note to purchasers: we had one vial of the salt arrive empty and it says no returns, if you contact the seller directly they will work with you. The seller send me a replacement vial (very quickly) and even sent a cool little salt dish along with it.  Will definitely get this set for others (maybe even me) in the future.
On Sept.12 I posted the following seller review:<br />  3/5 stars:<br />  "I'm sorry to say that this item arrived with some slight cosmetic damage. On the top front edge of the rack there is what I would call a dent, but it's also rough. From the way it was packaged I would have to say that it was that way when it was put into the box. I intended this as a gift, and I don't have time to return it, so I'll just try to sand it down so it's at least smooth."<br />  Jammies, September 12, 2012<br />Later Amazon added:<br />  Message from Amazon: "This item was fulfilled by Amazon, and we take responsibility for this fulfillment experience."<br /><br />Shortly after I posted it, I received an email from The Spice Lab Inc. offering to send a new block. I sent them a couple of pictures of the damaged area. They sent me a new block and two little spoons to replace the one that was missing from my original order. The replacement block arrived yesterday in plenty of time for my trip to visit my son and daughter-in-law.<br /><br />In hindsight, I should have contacted The Spice Lab before I posted the review, so they could have had time to resolve the problem. I had jumped to the conclusion that I'd need to return the item in order to get a replacement, which wasn't the case.<br /><br />Since it's a gift, I can't speak to the quality of the salt, but I can say that the block is very sturdy and attractive, and the little spoon is a charming addition.<br /><br />I greatly appreciate the efforts of Brett at The Spice Lab, and I would happily buy from them again.
I got these salts for my boyfriend who loves to cook and love his salt! The stand they come in is wooden and sturdy, much nicer than I expected! The salts themselves are phenomenal and I have already bought the 2nd set!
I bought this as a gift for a friend who likes exotic salts, and it was a hit with him. It was well packaged with no breakage. (Some of the reviews have mentioned that they received broken containers.) The wooden holder is nice but not all that permanent. I would recommend this for someone who'd like to sample various kinds of salt and doesn't mind paying a high price. The reason I gave it four and not five stars was the price.
THIS TASTE IS BETWEEN SOMETHING LIKE FLAX BREAD AND CORNBREAD..... EXCELLENT TOASTED WITH BUTTER AND JELLY...DID NOT RAISE MY BLOOD SUGAR AT ALL.... I LOVE IT.
I just had a wonderful dinner: Fresh fluke fried in a tempura batter. The batter fried up perfectly lacy and crisp, both delicious and beautiful. AND low-carb; I floured my fish with the LC Foods Pan Bread Flour, and then used the same flour to make a batter with some low-carb beer, salt, and a little smoked paprika. An absolute knockout. You really won't believe it's low carb, but I'm about to test my blood sugar levels, and will report back in 90 minutes.
My friend who lives in Fla. told me about these French twists and was complaining that she couldn't find them here in Middletown, OH.  I ordered 12 boxes to see what she was raving about and found only one problem with them.......I couldn't stop eating them.  I ate 11 boxes of them in just a few days and gave the last one away so I wouldn't eat it too.  If a person can stop after eating 1 or 2 servings, they are a great addition to your diet.  Unfortunately, I couldn't stop!!!!!
These french twists are delicious.  I am on Weight Watchers and 2 of these twists have a ONE Points Plus value.  All the flavors of these are fantastic.  You can eat cookies and still be healthy.  Please Barry's Bakery, never stop making these!!  The price on these through Amazon cannot be beat.  I have paid from $3 to $4 per box in the supermarkets.  I will be ordering another case soon.
Love these snacks...great for a quick fix as well as a snack that doen't add the huge calories or fat that concerns many! Great taste as well as consistency!
I saw these in our local commissary one day and decided I *had* to give them a try.  I was only looking for something that might be a better for me choice to satisfy my sweet tooth.  I had no idea how much I would like these and have to have *more*.  I got one bag of the Raspberry and one bag of the Maple and I love them both!!!  I'm thrilled to see that they are a much healthier alternative than most baked goods, especially than the ones I normally choose.  I am not someone who is health consious or tends to read labels before buying an item.  I love these twists and am looking to buy them in a larger quantity so I can enjoy them more often!  They are light and flaky and satisfying and good...a must for me!
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000I6G2OO">Barry's Bakery French Twist, Wild Raspberry, 4.5-Ounce Box (Pack of 12)</a><br /><br />I really love this product.  It is not available in our area.  We discoverd it in the North while visiting friends. It is low cal and good for diabetics who need a sugar fix.  Keep a good supply for future orders.
I HAVE BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT BEFORE. THESE SNACKS ARE CRISP AND GREAT TASTING. ALSO LOW IN CALORIES. I RECOMMEND THEM HIGHLY. THEY ARE SHIPPED ALMOST INSTANTLY AND ARRIVE WITHIN A FEW DAYS.
These shortbread cookies are delicious.  I bought some while in London this summer.  They are hard to find and expensive in USA.
Everything I bought was great, infact I ordered twice and the third ordered was<br />for my mother and father.
I sent two Babkas to a friend as a thank you.  He is a big Seinfeld fan so he was thrilled to get both a cinnamon and chocolate babka.<br /><br />He said the babkas were delicious!!!
This is a great product. Great flavors and very fresh. I received it quickly and damage free. It is my opinion that this is a great value and I highly recommend it.
At first, I was concerned about ordering Babka online but I kinda missed this one. As I tasted it the only thing I could say was : "wow". I will order this again for sure.
wonderfully cinnamon-y! i will definitely be ordering it again! and heated up with a tiny bit of butter on it put it over the top in taste.
Looking forward to receiving this product and when it arrived it was covered in walnuts.  Unfortunately, tree nuts are an issue and I wish that there was information about nuts on the items listing.  I will bring it to work for the staff to enjoy.<br /><br />Addendum:  Staff loved the babka.  Picture of product now shows nuts on top, prior listing did not.  5 stars for the babka and 3 stars for the lack of ingredient list. (At least major allergens).
Love this stuff!  I add some diced tomatoes and a pound of ground hamburger and this is great!  I take it to pot lucks a lot.
You can't beat the price and taste of this coffee. It will always be my first choice to buy. My husband brought it home one day because he liked the price and thought the the can looked neat. Little did we know it would become our new favorite.
Can't  go wrong with this.  Remember its jingle:  "Better coffee a millionaire's money can't  buy!"  Always priced right and in this economy that's  not always easy.  Frankly I prefer it over Starbucks where one can easily spend the same amount on ONE cup of coffee!
Every Revolution product I have tried has been a wonderful experience.  Revolution knows how to balance the inherit flavors of tea leaves with other ingredients which make each tea unique and enjoyable.<br /><br />Better Than The Rest<br /><br />I've been buying this particular tea consecutively for the better half of a year now, and I simply love it. No other pomegranate tea comes close to this one in terms of quality and taste.  For example, Trader Joe's store brand (while good) seems as if it has been sweetened (to the point where it's too sweet), and surprisingly the tea turns red after less than a minute of seeping indicating that coloring was added (I didn't check the ingredients, so I may be wrong about this).  There's also Yogi's pomegranate tea which uses a green tea and creates an entirely different taste. I liked it; didn't love it.<br /><br />Complimenting Flavors<br /><br />Pomegranates are often compared to apples.  In fact, pomegranate means "seeded apple" (from latin: pomum - apple and granatus - seeded), and like an apple the fruit is sweet and tart, but has a very strong and distinct flavor.  Thus, a light white tea is the perfect companion; it doesn't overpower the pomegranate flavor but allows it to mingle on the tongue.  Likewise, the amount of pomegranate, or rather the intensity of the pomegranate flavor, is truly perfect.  No flavor overpowers the other, but rather all the flavors compliment one another.<br /><br />Brewing<br /><br />I'm sure someone out there will say that I'm butchering tea when I brew this, but when I do, I leave the tea bag in the mug until I've consumed it all.  I find that the taste never gets too strong and never gets bitter.  Typically this is only the case for herbal teas, which don't become overpowered since they contain no tea leaves.  In this case the same is true, perhaps because it is a white tea which is naturally light. The tea itself literally contains dried pomegranate seeds (flesh included).  Do you know that taste you get a few moments after you eat a pomegranate seed? (If you don't, try it! It's wonderful.)  That initial bite from the tartness followed by sweetness you get (or at least I get) from a pomegranate is captured in this tea, and it makes sense! There's pomegranate seeds in there!<br /><br />Conclusion<br /><br />Buy this tea!  I was a little skeptical about my first purchase since I was buying 6 boxes, but it was a great choice that I do not in the least bit regret.  I've bought this for myself and for family, with everyone absolutely loving it. Best $20 I have ever spent (and continue to spend)!
Enjoyable tea with a refreshing taste.  The 16-count Pack of 6 represents an excellent buy compared to store prices.
I love this tea.  I have issues with added flowers and flavorings in other teas and Revolution teas tell you exactly whats in it and there are no additives!  I have been ordering from them ever since my first box of tea.  I take it to the office and I have a travel container and take it with me to restaurants.
As an ex-Brit. steeped (pun intended!) in strong black tea, I wasn't sure about this, but Revolution White Pomegranate tea is absolutely delicious, light yet flavorful.  The low caffeine content makes it ideal for an evening pot of tea and of course,iced tea. I hesitated to recommend it in case you run out of it!
Revolution's teas are superb. Smooth and delicate, each one has been pleasant, comforting and a pure delight. I've tried this one, the pomegranate, as well as ginger peach, Dragon Eye Oolong, and white pear.
I purchased this tea for someone who enjoys Trader Joe's white pomegranate tea, and unfortunately it was not a good substitute. Though I haven't tried it myself I was told it had a strong floral taste and aroma which to that particular tea drinker was undesirable.  I am rating 4 stars since this is such a subjective judgement, and I have no doubts about this being a high quality product.
I've been using this tea for for about 6 months and drink it as iced tea daily.<br /><br />I microwave my water on high in a pyrex 2 cup glass container for 2 minutes on high and then pop the little white mesh bags in for about 5 - 15 minutes. I use about 3 - 4 bags for a rich taste and since I'm going to be pouring it over ice. I put my ice cubes in a large glass and pour my hot tea over the ice, grab a straw and it's ready to drink.<br /><br />It also tastes good when I steep 2 bags of the Revolution White Pomegranate Tea with 2 bags of the Arizona Pomegranate. This is my favorite on ice. The Arizona is a green tea. Anyhow, this is my usual lunchtime pick me upper. I want to note that I gave up drinking diet soda in March and has made this concoction my replacement. It was a little difficult at first, but now that awful stuff is out of my system.<br /><br />I have not tried this tea hot, as I am not a fan of hot tea, but I'm sure it's just as delicious. I subscribe to this and the Arizona Pomegranate Green Tea.
This Melitta decaf Riviera Sunset coffee has an excellent taste.  There is none of the weird aftertaste you get with some other decaf coffees.  It's a smooth, mellow taste, even a little sweet and with a hint of cocoa.  I really enjoyed this.  The grind is listed as extra fine, but I didn't find it particularly fine myself.  When I grind my own beans, I have a finer grind than this, but I still expected a stronger taste from the Melitta than I would from other store brands.  However, the Melitta decaf was actually slightly weaker than other store brands we have tried.  We like our coffee strong, about 1/2 cup ground coffee for 4 to 4 1/2 cups water (using measuring cups).  This ratio was not quite strong enough for me with the Melitta, but that is easily adjustable.  The nice thing about the coffee is that, even when I made it very strong, the smoothness remained.  I will definitely be trying other types of Melitta coffee in the future.
The minute you open a bag of Melitta Riviera Sunset you will think you are in Starbucks. The rich aroma is intoxicating, a promise of things to come. I like my coffee a little stronger so I used a ¼ cup ground coffee with 12-ounces water. After brewing the coffee my entire apartment was heavenly scented with a superior fragrance. The first sip was like falling in love. I literally felt heady. The only thing I added was a little half & half and two packets of stevia. I would highly recommend that you have this coffee after dinner with your dessert. This is truly an exceptional coffee! I'm beyond impressed. Now I'm eager to try the Melitta's Parisian Vanilla ground coffee.<br /><br />~The Rebecca Review
Melitta's rich, flavourful product is a delicious treat comparable to coffees with a much higher price tag. It is a plus that the decaffeinated version does not sacrifice flavour. Highly recommended.
This is pretty decent coffee, for pre-ground decaf.  Here's how a coffee snob reviews it:<br /><br />* Unpacking *<br />This coffee had to travel a long way to reach my house, and it was hot out.  Heat and time are enemies of fresh coffee.  The package was pretty hard to open, I resorted to scissors.  The grind is very uniform with no detectible dust.  The smell is stale compared to the local fresh roasted, non-decaf, beans I usually buy.<br /><br />* Brewing *<br />I busted out my cone and loaded two servings into a Melitta filter.  I poured two cups of 200F water through.  The uniform grind is apparent in that the coffee didn't clog as it does with blade-ground coffee (due to dust).  I drank the coffee black...<br /><br />* Tasting *<br />The smell is of decaf and or instant coffee.  Pretty stale but the decaf process is partly to blame.  Overall I enjoyed it as much as any drip decaf I've had recently.  There was no biting bitterness.  I drank two cups black without much of a gut ache.<br /><br />Pros:<br />- Tight packaging with little air helps maintain freshness.<br />- Excellent grind uniformity.<br />- Low bitterness<br /><br />Cons:<br />- Not locally roasted.<br />- Not fresh. Best-by date is a year in advance.<br /><br />Verdict: For mail-order, pre-ground decaf, this coffee lived up to expectations and was drinkable.  3 or 4 stars.
I love coffee.  I love coffee a lot and really don't enjoy decaf.  This decaf isn't bitter though.  Tastes smooth and brews up very nicely.  Enjoyable to the last drop!
This Melitta Cafe. Collection Riviera.Sunset blend coffee is so full flavored, it's much better than other decafs we have tried, and really tastes like regular coffee! Which is great because awe enjoy aided coffee Ian the Summer so no worries about it keeping us awake all night. Recommended!
This Melitta Riviera Sunset decaf makes a better-than-decent cup of coffee with medium body and just a little bite. I used my my usual two heaping coffee scoops for six ounces of water in a Bialetti stovetop espresso maker.<br /><br />While I was enjoying the coffee, I read the package and saw that it recommends two level teaspoons of coffee for six ounces of water. That got my curiosity up so I measured out my coffee scoop and it is one tablespoon. Since I use two heaping scoops, that's slightly more than three times as much as suggested on the package. Following the directions would probably make a watery, undrinkable brew.<br /><br />The coffee has a nice even espresso grind, perhaps a bit lighter than a French roast. I would have guessed that it was primarily arabica with some robusta but Melitta states that it is an all-arabica blend from Central and South America. It is decaffeinated through the chemical-free Swiss water process which is the only acceptable way to decaffeinate as far as I am concerned.<br /><br />Also note the cute vintage travel poster-style label and the clever name: because it's decaffeinated, it's perfect to drink while watching the sunset.
The main reason I drink decaf is to have the pleasure of coffee to go with dessert in the evening.  My caffeinated coffee is drunk in the morning... only one cup.  So this coffee is pretty good with evening dessert since I won't get wound up.  Flavor is good, packaged well, easy to brew.
An excellent, bold, medium blend of DECAF coffee for a special evening. Dark enough without being bitter and a perfect compliment for a light desert!
I had never heard of this coffee before but I got a bag and really liked it.  This Melitta Cafe Riviera Sunset Decaf is a very good decaf with a good taste and body.  This stuff is perfect for a late-night cup of coffee or for a cup with some dessert.  Its decently priced and I will definitely buy this again.
Melitta's Riviera Sunset Decaffeinated Ground Coffee turned out to be a good basic coffee - not bitter, not burned-tasting, a well-rounded mellow brew that tastes like real coffee. I had it this morning with almond milk, stevia and a pinch of cinnamon, and though I'd had a bad night and didn't even know if I could handle coffee, it was delicious and easy on a morning tummy. Besides brewing it alone to get a nice decaffeinated coffee for night-time drinking (especially in the winter), we've been mixing it with regular coffee in various blends, depending on our caffeine-related needs at the time.<br /><br />The packaging is practical and easy to re-close and the grind is good for my automatic coffeemaker. I will buy this one again.
I like this coffee. It smells good while brewing and tastes as good as it smells. for a decaf coffee it is very good<br />will definitely buy this at my local store.
This stuff tastes great! I am not a decaf person, but perhaps I am being won over by Melitta coffee - try it!
I love coffee and admit that I am particular when it comes to good coffee.  I was not expecting much from this coffee and was pleasantly surprised to discover it was quite good.  It falls into the likes of Starbucks and other shade-grown coffee brands -- deep, rich flavor.<br /><br />Though I enjoyed it, I am not sure I would purchase this unless it was on sale.  I do find it a bit overpriced.  If you don't mind spending the money, you will be happy with this coffee.  Otherwise, I would suggest purchasing this on sale for a special occasion.
Wonderful, smooth, satisfying decaf coffee with a fabulously rich flavor.  No chemical aftertaste, like many decafs I've tried.  Apparently, the Swiss Water Process used to decaffeinate this coffee leaves flavor intact, something I've found terribly disappointing in other brands.<br /><br />I've been VERY impressed by the flavor dimensions of this Riviera Sunset blend; served it to some neighbors (who simply won't touch decaf coffee) who were pleasantly surprised to find they actually enjoyed a cup of decaf.  No bitter notes; my husband, who usually complains fervently about the flavor of decaf, has been asking for a cup of this every evening, after dinner.  Believe me, this alone is QUITE an endorsement!<br /><br />I love using my <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0011528S0">Zojirushi CD-WBC30 Micom Electric 3-Liter Water Boiler and Warmer, Champagne Gold</a> for coffee, tea, and cooking.  I brew my coffee a cup at a time with an individual Melitta brown paper filter <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001E5E0T2">Melitta Cone Coffee Filters, Natural Brown, No. 2, 100-Count Filters (Pack of 6)</a>and filter cone (similar to this one:<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001794Q0S">Ready Set Joe/Mug</a>) and found that the extra fine grind of the Riviera Sunset blend imparted an unusually rich, deliciously multidimensional flavor.  Much fresher than conventional, by-the-pot coffee.  This method also allows me to brew strong coffee (for me) and a milder version for my hubby.<br /><br />Take time to "bloom the grounds" first (add a little hot water to the fresh coffee grounds, moistening completely, and then wait about 30 seconds before brewing) for best flavor (this goes for ANY coffee).<br /><br />Melitta's Riviera Sunset decaf blend is enthusiastically recommended by a coffee snob!  You'll love it as is, no sweeteners or creams needed to disguise this wonderful flavor.  I look forward to ordering more.<br /><br />Update 9/21/10:  Just ordered my first 3-pack through Subscribe & Save; great deal for some delicious decaf!
I enjoy my coffee with plenty of sugar and a flavored creamer. This provided a good base for that experience. As a non-connoisseur, this is just about right: not too strong, not bitter, good "coffee" flavor.<br /><br />For the sake of comparison, I most often drink the ground version of <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001EQ55MM">Eight O'Clock Coffee, 50% Decaf Whole Bean, 12-Ounce Bags (Pack of 4)</a> Right now on Amazon, Melitta's is slightly more expensive per ounce, though Subscribe and Save would even it out and Melitta's brewing instructions call for using a smaller amount of grounds. I would expect them to be about the same quality, and in my opinion they were. This is certainly a coffee I'm happy to drink when I want decaf.<br /><br />One downside is the bag. My husband got to it before I did, but he reported that it required scissors to get it open. The resealing feature on the bag then couldn't be used, so we made the transfer to another sealed container.
My wife and I both thought this is a nice cup of coffee. The bag has a one-way valve on it to keep the air out and arrived virtually flat. When brewed in our Cuisinart drip coffee maker it has a  nice aroma. I take mine with cream and sugar, and Mrs. B. drinks hers black. We both thought it was smooth, with no bitterness. Later it made a nice after dinner coffee when we added our favorite liquor. Tho I am no coffee snob, I can tell a good cup of coffee from a bad one, and this one makes the grade.
I do not like coffee too much. Actually I am very particular about coffee and I can say that this is one of my favorites. It is so smooth and flavorful,the smell is really good and I can't have enough of it.I have gone as far as skipping going to Starbucks or Dunkin for coffee.<br />The price is decent for this kind of product so I highly recommend it.
First off,  let me state that I am not a fan of decaffeinated coffee of any type.  But I often have guests over who ask for de-caf, so I gave this a try.<br /><br />While I agree with some other reviewers who have stated that there is a certain "different" taste about this blend, for me, it was not a bitter taste, but instead, a good, strong flavor that mimicked the strong (real) coffee taste I enjoy.  I had a second cup, and the flavor grew on me even more, and I thought: "it really is delicious for a decaf."<br /><br />The aroma isn't truly satisfying (why does this always happen with decaf?) but I think many decaf drinkers will be used to that lack.<br /><br />The package had to be snipped open with scissors --this is tightly packed!-- and then I just poured it into a zip loc for storage in the fridge.<br /><br />I'll stick with regular coffee, but I'm sure my de-caf loving friends will enjoy this.
I am a coffee lover. It is one of the few pleasures of my life so I was excited to review this product.  Once received I opened it up and gave a good sniff.  I know to some that may sound stupid, but I love to open coffee and have the aroma surround me, this coffee did not do that as much as others that I have used.  I had to really give a good sniff to smell the aroma, but it smelled pretty good once I got my nose in there.<br /><br />I set out to brew myself a pot.  I followed the directions and enlisted my husband to have a cup with me.  Now usually I do not drink decaffeinated, so I was just a little concerned. Decaf to me can taste very flat. But I waited and a nice smell filled the air.  Finally our coffee was ready and we both sat down to taste this product. My husband smiled. He loves any coffee that has Arabica beans. He looked at me and said, "ummm this is really good."  My turn.  I sniffed some more, I'm a real sniffer before anything goes into my body.  It still smelled pretty good so now for the taste test.<br /><br />Okay, it was definitely different than the Dunkin  Donuts coffee that I'm use to and love. However,it had a smooth flavor, but  a little richer than I like and I didn't seem to notice that it was decaf, that was a good thing.  It was flavorful and made a pretty good cup of coffee.  Hubby liked it a lot. So I would have to say it was a winner, a good rich coffee flavor and a good price.
I'm a big coffee drinker (much against my better judgement), but due to a stomach condition, I've been "forced" to drink mostly decaf for the last few years. I usually just get the cheapest coffee I can find near my office; after all, I don't make a lot of money and every penny counts. So it was nice to get this Melitta Cafe ground coffee to sample.<br /><br />When I made my first cup, I was immediately attacted by the pleasant aroma. I put in a little cream and 4 Splendas as I usually do, and found the taste a little on the light side yet quite bitter. Maybe it's because this is decaf, but what I did like was its pureness, something 50-cent coffees usually lack. I have made two cups a day since my first taste and over the last couple of days I've grown to like this coffee. Granted, to me coffee is pretty much like wine in that all the different varieties taste more or less the same except for the level of bitterness, but even I can tell this is gourmet coffee, much better than the ones I get at my local coffee stands or even at McDonald's (when they give out free cups).<br /><br />For a pack of 3, the price seems decent. If you drink decaf, I think this is quite worth a try.
I would recommend this as a good basic coffee.  It has a satisfying flavor and will make many a good cup of coffee.  I prefer drinking my coffee black and I found this to be produce a good cup.  It is not bitter and even though I had the decaffeinated coffee, it did not taste flat like so many decafs do.
My wife finds it bizarre that I enjoy a good cup of joe just before I call it a night. Yeah, sometimes I get a little spiky due to too much caffeine intake and so I thought I'd give this decaff a go. What you get is a good cup without any bitterness but it's a little weak and I recommend dropping about 50% more into your brewer to get a fuller flavor. Also, as it's vacuum packed into a slim cardboard box it arrived completely squished flat - nothing like the fat photo in the amazon product shot. I know it's a minor thing to complain about but I like leaving my coffee out next to the coffee maker and this item wouldn't even stand up. It was about 1/2" thick!<br /><br />So you're not going to have Mr Wolf commending you for your great coffee with this one but for a decaff it ain't half bad.
Great. Not like other decaf, which seems to hav a weird taste to me. If you keep trialing different decafs to find one you like, definitely give this a try.
I like the smooth taste of this coffee. It is decaf so not too strong but really not very light either. It's just the light coffee that sometimes needed at mid-day. recommended.
This is good for packaged ground coffee, and for decaf, it definitely has a strong coffee flavor. This is great for that winding down cup of coffee late night that won't keep you up because of the caffeine.<br /><br />Each sealed package holds ten ounces of extra-fine ground coffee. The bag feels sturdy if you prefer to keep your ground coffee in its original packaging.<br /><br />With coffee prices going up, it may be a good idea to compare the prices of this (if you try this and like it, you get a better price with the Amazon Subscribe & Save option) versus getting coffee beans from your local coffee shop and grinding them at home or having the coffee shop grind them for you.
Disclaimer: I'm a coffee addict.  I'm also a Starbucks addict, so I've become a bit snobby about my coffee preferences and can't stand the economy stuff.  I've had regular Melitta coffee before and was favorably impressed by it, so I decided to give the decaf version a try. Especially when the weather gets cold, I like a nice hot cup of coffee in the evenings and don't particular want to be tossing and turning hours later.<br /><br />The Riviera Sunset decaf coffee is an excellent decaf for those times you don't want the real thing. It had a nice, rich flavor with no bitter aftertaste.  While I continue to prefer the real thing on most occasions, I'm glad to know there's a good, flavorful substitute for when I don't want caffeine.
Smooth with no sacrifice in taste and does taste as good as regular coffee.  I usually don't have any coffee after dinner and never really cared for decaf but I now have an after dinner alternative and no sacrifice in flavor.
Boy , this was good. The aroma when you first open the package leaves one with great anticipation that you will soon be enjoying a great cup of java. Too often times , the result does not meet the expectations. Not so with the Melitta Cafe Collection ! The coffee was amongst the best I have ever tasted. Treat yourself to a fantastic splurge !
I am not a big fan of decaffeinated coffee--I figure what's the point?  Taste is so often compromised.  I have recently found that caffeine bothers me if I drink it after 7pm so it's decaff or nothing at that point.  Riviera Sunrise tastes like regular coffee.  I was so impressed I decided to try it as my morning coffee.  I expected to have a very negative response to not getting the morning caffeine of my usual coffee but that did not happen.  If you must give up caffeine this is a great solution.
I've decaffinated a few times and always find myself returning to caffinated coffee for the flavor. With this product I won't have to do that anymore. The flavor of this coffee is exceptional. It's as full and rich as any off the shelf coffee I've ever tasted. Highly recommended.
This Melitta Riviera Sunset blend is a nice, and light coffee that is suitable for anytime of day.  It's particularly great for drinking at night because it is decaffeinated.  The texture is nice, and does not have an acidic taste or anything.  It's meant for casual drinkers.  I do prefer my coffee darker, WITH caffine, but I did enjoy this blend.  I would recommend giving this a try and judge for yourself.
This coffee was deep and rich, and did not have a bitter taste too it.  I did have to use a little more than what was recommended to get it the way I drink coffee.. but coffee is a personal thing everyone has their desired strength.  The coffee was fresh upon opening but began to go down hill really quick as far as aroma and taste goes, so invest in a good air tight container.  I liked this coffee, but it I could go on in the morning if I did not have it.
We don't drink much coffee, and less decaf, but we have guests who do and so we like to keep some ground decaf in the freezer for when they visit. Everybody has been pleased with the Melitta. Nobody has complained about the taste, and plenty of folks have asked for second cups so they weren't just being politely quiet. We got the first sample free through the Vine program but I would buy it in the future.
Melitta Cafe is a smooth, flavorful coffee that compares well with regular coffee.  This is not the typical weak decaf blend that is true of many American brands.  Melitta has a rich, deep taste and a nice dark color.  Tastes great black or with cream.  As a stand alone coffee (no cream/sugar) it has a smooth, though strong flavor just like regular coffee.  This coffee is especially great as an after dinner drink.  Strong enough to taste like regular coffee but decaffeinated so it will not prevent sleep later.  Great coffee.
This product had a good nice scent and strong taste. Not too unique compared to a lot of over the counter canned decaffs already available. But overall, it's a good after dinner type of coffee to serve guests.<br /><br />Price wise, it's reasonable but there are many other comparable products that may have a more distinguished taste. Overall, it's a good product and worth trying for decaff drinkers.
This coffee has a nice flavor, not too bitter, just a nice round coffee taste. Rich flavor, naturally decaffeinated with water, and it's kosher. What's not to love?
I've blended this with a darker full-caf Melitta coffee and LOVE the results.<br /><br />The fine grinding is a tad small for the french press I use, but the taste is wonderful.<br /><br />I was a little concerned at the darkness variation in the two when I decided to blend, but the outcome was fine.<br /><br />The only real complaint I have is the packaging. Cheap glue on the metal fold-down part causes it to fall off (true for both bags I received), so don't rely on that.<br /><br />Otherwise, a delicious coffee that is mellow in taste the way I choose to prepare it.
This is an excellent coffee, rich and full of flavor (not watery).  Many decaf's are obviously decaf.  This one tastes great, with a medium body.  The grind is fine, which works great in our drip coffee maker.  It also has a nice aroma and no bitter aftertaste.  It doesn't have the "burnt" flavor that a certain large coffeehouse chain has, which personally I don't care for.  I found it closer to Einsteins house blend, but much better.<br /><br />This is a great quality coffee, highly recommended.  I will be buying more.
I'm a big coffee drinker, and this Melitta Cafe offering is rich with no bitterness. Sometimes decaf coffee has a funny, oily aftertaste, but this coffee had none of that unpleasantness. Highly recommended.
I have a Keurig coffee maker. You know, the one with the K-Cups.  To have a coffee like this, you have to have a special filter, which I do have.  Honestly, you'll spend a crapload of money on K-cups if you don't get the filter for regular ground coffee.  Anyway, I don't know if it was because the coffee was ground or filtered a special way, but the water in my Keurig had a hard time seeping through, causing a bit of an overflow.  Aside from that, the taste was smooth and flavorful.  It has a coffee taste, plain and simple.  Is it anything special, not really.  It just tastes good and is reasonably priced.
I have been enjoying the Melitta coffee in the evening. It has a nice smooth taste with none of the burnt coffee bean taste of Starbucks. I used much more coffee than suggested in preparation though. I used 2 tablespoons to eight ounces of water. I like my coffee strong but not bitter and this worked for a very good cup of coffee with half and half added.I will be buying it again.
Very smooth and I used my own filters. The smell is so inviting, I used my own measurements because it was not on the package.  I used l tblsp. per cup and I worked out fine for me, I like my coffee tasteful.
If Melitta doesn't sell good coffee, who does?  I grew up using Melitta filters and still individually make each cup of coffee in a single cup filter. Generally I use pre ground coffee (so I am not a purist), although I occasionally grind my own.  I usually drink two cups of coffee a day.  Enough about my coffee habits.<br /><br />Melitta is a pretty trusted name in the coffee industry. and I expected this coffee to be be a quality product.  I was not disappointed with the coffee, although it was not quite as exciting as the regular vanilla flavored coffee I recently tried from Melitta.  The flavor was pretty strong and rich, although decaf always has a slight aftertaste, even with the Swiss Water process used for decaffeinating.  Generally. I drink regular coffee as my first choice, but I admit that I switch to decaf in the evening.<br /><br />I have no problem recommending this coffee as a second choice...
I do not like decaf coffee.  I think it has an aftertaste.  But, I thought I would give this a try.  It truly surprised me.  There is a mellow, full bodied taste with very little aftertaste to be found.  I will definitely buy it again to reduce the caffein in our household.
I'm not a huge fan of coffees from the Americas; I generally find them a bit light for my taste (I'm a big fan of Sumatra and other Pacific-grown coffees)  But Riviera Sunset is a nice, light coffee, smooth and not terribly acid.  It's a pleasant coffee for people who like their brews with more brightness and less body.<br /><br />I'm also frankly not nuts about decaf, but that aspect doesn't intrude too much on the flavor here.
I am a coffee fan who drinks my coffee black; nothing is added to alter the flavor of the coffee. As a result of this habit I find myself somewhat more critical of how a coffee tastes. As a general rule I prefer an Arabica bean but I could not find a reference to bean type on the bag. Curious I checked their web site and found they use the Arabica bean exclusively.<br /><br />On the front of the bag there is reference to the process used to decaffeinate the Rivera Sunset coffee; the Swiss water process is used. Their web site provides a detailed explanation of this process which involves the removal of water soluble caffeine: "Unroasted coffee beans are immersed in heated water for several hours to remove the water-soluble caffeine present in the beans, as well as those coffee components that easily dissolve in water. The water is then drained from the beans and filtered or processed to remove the caffeine from the water. This decaffeinated water is then reintroduced to the coffee beans, allowing the flavor and aroma components to be absorbed by the coffee. Finally, the coffee is dried and ready for roasting."<br /><br />More information is provided on the web site concerning the bean growing and selection process; I found the web site to be user friendly and well thought out.<br /><br />Another habit of mine is the use of distilled water to brew coffee; I've found that public water supplies can provide water with a multitude of different tastes which can negatively influence the flavor of the coffee.<br /><br />Let me finally mention the flavor of the coffee itself. First it is very smooth and rich; I almost never have more than one cup of coffee at a time but found myself thinking more would be nice. That is very rare! The coffee had a delicate fruity flavor which I found pleasing.<br /><br />I did face one challenge with this coffee; the bag was very difficult to open without tearing it. After working on it for several minutes, I had decided I was not going to let a bag beat me, I discovered that I was able to open it be starting at the end where the bag was folded back. Once I got my finger inside the bag the rest came comparatively easy. Fortunately the two small tears I made in the bag were high enough to fold under when the bag was closed. The bag recommends storage in a refrigerator.<br /><br />This coffee is pleasant and refreshing and I have enjoyed drinking it; if you are a coffee lover you owe it to yourself to give this coffee a try and see what you think. I hope you're as pleased with it as I am!
OK- I have to admit I was a huge SB fan (you know, that big StellarMoney coffee chain on every corner). I didn't expect much from a coffee ordered online, but I take any thoughts back after the first sip of this smooth, rich coffee. There is none of the gritty, acidic after taste of other coffees; but instead a blooming, silky flavor of nuts, mocha, and pure coffee. Mind you, this isn't a flavored coffee, it has all of these nuances built into the Riviera Sunset Decaf blend. Oh- did I forget to mention it's decaf? I couldn't believe it myself when I looked at the bag the second day! I thought it was true, caffinated coffee by the flavor alone, though I did notice the lack of energizing (as would any decaf). Highly recommended... and I am switching!
This coffee has a more present flavor than the stuff they brew for us at work, yet it goes down smoothly. To my wife and I, that's a good combination. The fact that it comes already ground doesn't do anything to subtract the flavor either.
I'm far more of a tea drinker than a coffee drinker, but I can't start the day without a cup or three of coffee. Plus, I'm not really awake until I smell the coffee brewing - just not morning without it.<br /><br />I tend to buy more affordable (e.g., supermarket type brands) of coffee so I can splurge on tea. So this was a real treat - outstanding aroma just opening the bag, and even better when brewing. Delightfully smooth taste, and highly drinkable black (the only way I drink coffee or tea).<br /><br />My only complaint is opening the bag. Based on what other reviewers stated, I opened it over a plastic bin so it would catch any spills. Very glad I did - an appreciable amount was spilled when I cut into the bag. I decanted it into an air-tight container. I've had this problem with other vacuum packed coffee, but the very fine grind of the Melitta made it even more of a problem.<br /><br />Still, not enough of a problem to warrant taking away a rating star. This makes a wonderful cup of coffee!
I've tried to give up my coffee habit, but it just hasn't been easy.  DH and I did manage to switch to decaf a couple years ago, so I suppose that's something.  I'm a moderate coffee drinker- I like 1-2 cups of hot joe to get me started in the morning, and *love* a nice chilly iced coffee on a hot afternoon.  This Melitta "Riviera Sunset" decaf is smooth and doesn't have the bitter aftertaste that I dislike in one of the leading coffeeshop brands.  The flavor is great and I've enjoyed it both hot and iced.
What can you say about coffee, either you like it or you don't. I liked this coffee, although when I choose to review it I didn't notice it was decaf. That aside, it tastes fine (made in my Keurig) but if you want the kick get the caffeinated one.
The coffee is excellent, with a smooth taste and pleasant aroma.  It did not have that bitter/plastic  aftertaste you find in a lot of decaf coffees.<br /><br />The grind is very fine,  my cheapo coffee filters let a little bit of the coffee through.  Use good quality filters with this coffee.<br /><br />It was difficult to open the package, and the little wire closer fell off after the second time.  However, I understand why coffee is packages this way, to minimize the exposure of the oils in the coffee to air. And of course a fine grind has a larger surface to mass ratio, making it age even faster.  So I forgive them for the packaging.  You really need an airtight opaque container to store this kind of coffee.<br /><br />Personally I like to grind my coffee right before using, but the convenience and taste of this Melitta  has convinced me that there are other options.
First, let's talk about the packaging.  I hate when coffee come packaged in bags like this.  They're quite cumbersome and in my opinion, do not keep the coffee fresh enough.<br /><br />As for the coffee itself, this was one of the better tasting decaf's I have had.  It has a very rich flavor that you do not normally find with decaffeinated coffee.  It has a wonderful aroma as well.  Very pleased with this product.
When it comes down to Melitta, they definitely have known for all this time, what it takes to really made a great cup of coffee. With their Cafe Collection, they definitelly bring out the best in flavors for all kinds of coffee lovers, and that is really a strong aroma. With their Rivera Sunset, they definitely bring out a decaffinated taste that feels like it is full of pep at the beginning of the morning. I really love it. The taste is strong and the intimate aroma is just delightful. All in all, I absolutely recommend this as a great treat in the morning to wake up and enjoy.<br /><br />Price: B<br /><br />Taste: B+<br /><br />Overall: B 1/2+
This coffee smelled wonderful while it was brewing.  My husband drinks a lot more coffee than I do, and he agreed that this is a great tasting coffee.  We are looking forward to trying Melitta's other varieties.
I am not much of a coffee drinker, mainly because I do not drink caffeine, and because I have never acquired the taste for coffee. However, I was tempted to try this product, and I was really surprised by how good it tasted.  It did not have any of the bitter after taste, and more importantly, I could not tell that it was decaffeinated.  This is important because most decaf coffees have an "odd" taste to me, but that "oddness" was missing from this product.<br /><br />Furthermore, I had to ask a coffee lover for an opinion, so I asked my mother-in-law, who drinks all kinds of coffees from all over the world almost 5 times a day.  She was skeptical at first, because she refuses to drink decaf.  However, after a few sips of this coffee, she said that although it is a "mild" coffee, it was in fact very tasty and nothing hinted at its decaf origins.  She liked it so much, she poured another cup.<br /><br />Between the two of us, we have almost finished the bag.  It should pass the test from even the pickiest coffee drinkers.  I positively recommend this product, and I hope you enjoy your next cup of coffee from this company.
I prepared this coffee in a french press (although it is ground too fine for this).  It had a nice aroma, a full taste and mild bitterness.  It's a fools game to try to describe the taste of anything in any detail-- so I'll just leave you with the coffee was quite good and it would make a good after dinner coffee.<br /><br />My only complaint is the coffee is pre-ground.  Ground coffee is a bit stale by the time you get it, however, a blade grinder will ruin the coffee as well.<br /><br />If you don't own a burr-grinder, this is the best cup of decaff you're going to get.
This is the best decaf my family and I have tried in a long time. It's smooth, not bitter and has enough flavor without being too strong like some other brands I've tried. I like that it's decaffeinated using the natural swiss water process instead of chemicals. That's a big plus for me because many brands don't tell you how they decaffeinate their coffee. I usually buy whole bean, but this ground is so nice and fine, and it saves me time having to grind it and get it just right. I'd suggest following the instructions given on the bag for the best taste, seal tightly and store in the refrigerator to keep the flavor. This is one I'll be buying again.
This review is from my wife:<br /><br />"I'm not one who has all the right words for describing taste and flavor, unfortunately.  I say "unfortunately" because this is a very good tasting coffee and it deserves elegant description.  What I can tell you is that it has no edgy bitterness.  No bitterness at all, actually.  It's rich and smooth.  Yum.<br /><br />I use a European coffee press for brewing and this grind worked beautifully in that.  Not too course, not small enough to make a mess through the screen."
At last- a decaf coffee that doesn't taste decaf!  Smooth, rich, flavorful, with no bitter aftertaste.  Starbucks worthy (but to my husband who doesn't care for Starbucks, it's way better).  We like to drink this in the evening and it's basically dessert with cream and sugar.
Melitta's cafe collection gourmet coffee is wonderful. It tastes rich, and just like a gourmet coffee should.  This coffee tasted like something I could have gotten in Europe at a cafe.<br /><br />It brewed very quickly, and with no coffee grain residue.  This is probably due to the coffee being an extra fine grind. The decaffinated version tasted great on its own, without milk or sugar to season.<br /><br />I'm a coffee lover, and I enjoy Gevalia and Godiva coffee-two other excellent foregn brands.  The Melitta stands on its own, and are their equivalents in taste and price. Enjoy a cup today!
Soon as I got this bag of decaf I made a big mug and it filled my house with the wonderful aroma of high quality fresh brewed coffee.  It is very finely ground but I still used the same amount I normally do and it turned out great.  I added some soy milk, sat back, and enjoyed my rare treat of an after-noon coffee break!!!  Definitely will buy some of this for the winter months so I can treat myself to excellent hot coffee any time of the day or night!
I often find with decaf coffee to be somewhat on the weak side: not in this product.  The coffee had a strong grip, but not bitter, and had a smooth rounded experience when a creamer is used (note this coffee works well with a soy creamer).  You do not need to apply any extra heap of coffee to compensate for a 'decaf' option!  With such a strong grip, I would not recommend milk or low fat milk as you might as well drink it as is!
I am in NO way any coffee expert, connoisseur, or heavy user. To be perfectly honest, I had to look up how to SPELL connoisseur! But having a heart attack 6 months ago, I am learning to never use caffeine, salt, or almost ANY darn thing I love. And I HATE anything that is "light", decaf or artificially sweetened. My wife has bought about every single brand of instant decaf coffee for me along with assorted "real" decaf to try in her drip coffee maker. Hated em all, just hated them. Saw this so thought I would try the latest brand I would hate since it wouldn't cost me anything.<br /><br /> First batch was way to bitter for me, didn't even want to try any more but my wife said she would make it weaker. From that next batch on, I became hooked on this brand. I don't like the price, but love the taste.  That conflict alone makes me drop my rating to give it a 4 star overall. If I tinker with taste as I also add assorted coffee-mate creamers (also something I am not allowed anymore but REFUSE to give up), the taste goes to a 5 for me. Even with all the discounts if I order through the subscribe & save program (see below), I find this a bit pricey.<br /><br />____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________<br /><br />UPDATE: December 4 2010:<br />  It still pains me to pay so much but looks like this will be the very 1st Vine Program Item I ever got that will make an actual buyer out of me. As a result, I raise my review from 4 stars to 5 starts. Another thing I like is I have no decaf "aftertaste" that I always experience with other brands. It is a wonderful thing to find at least one new thing (for ME anyway) that I can still really enjoy, that helps me relax in the middle of all this can't eat this, can't drink that "stuff" going on in my life the past 6 months. It's also the time I haven't felt like I was compromising good taste for good health. For that, I am truly grateful. Just ordered the 3 pack on the AMAZON Subscribe & save page.
I remember the cool, modern Melitta drip coffee makers from decades ago. A visual delight of glass and wood (without a hint of plastic), they were elegantly ahead of their time. I wish I could say the same for their coffee. It's fine coffee. Good, actually. However, nothing really special. I would buy it again if priced right, but probably would not go out of my way to get it, and certainly not at a gourmet price point. I must be honest and say that with the Melitta name, I expected a little bit more. Maybe I just got a an "off" batch. Let's hope so.
On an untypically cool August evening we decided to try Melitta Riviera Sunset Decaf. I heaped in too much coffee and what we got was a bitter, overly heavy cup . I know others like their coffee to curl their hair with strong taste. We like it strong but not THAT  much. On our next try we used less coffee and enjoyed a delightful semi-sweet cup of decaf. It was pleasing. Those who love strong, robust, full-bodied taste ought to definitely buy Melitta brand coffees.
If you like to have a cup of coffee after dinner with desert then this is perfect.  I love it especially for the fact that I don't feel like a live wire all night from having caffine and the flavor is amazing.  Nothing like a good cup of coffee to make you feel warm and fuzzy after a wonderful dinner.<br /><br />I have tried many different coffee's and have to say this one has a wonderful full flavor without the bite of some of the cheaper coffee's.  Melitta is a great brand and well worth the money.  I also use this to make latte's and it's great.  It's a really fine grind and great for which ever way you prefer to have you cuppa java.  You get what you pay for and this is well worth every penny.
Riviera Sunset Decaffinated Coffee, from the Melitta Caf&eacute; Collection, is a good coffee for that first, morning cup of coffee.  It is a South American blend for those who prefer a brighter more acidic kind of brew, but is still well balanced and make s a fine cup of Java.<br /><br />The coffee comes in an attractive,  black bag with a bag with the now ubiquitous air valve.  The folks at Melitta know how to compact coffee for travel--all ambient air was sucked out of the bag, shrinking the usual size of the 10 ounces from its expected size, to a small, dense brick.  Cutting open the bag, there was an audible hiss as the bag seemed to expand to double its size.  The aroma was intoxicating--think deep coffee with chocolate hints and with nothing acrid about it.  The bag does not indicate the level of the roast, but on inspection the coffee appears to be a darker roast (somewhere between a `full city' and European).  The bag states that this is an extra fine grind, but on inspection it seems to be less powdery than you'd want for fine espresso, and is more of a fine grind.  This, I imagine, is meant a compromise so that the coffee is suitable for both the common drip coffee machines that use a filter or could be used with an espresso machine.<br /><br />For some reason, the instructions indicate that you should use two level teaspoons for every six ounces of water.  I'm not sure how they drink coffee in Europe, but in the US coffee machines measure by the cup.  This leads to a bizarre ~2.7 teaspoons of coffee per cup and (to my taste) a slightly weak cup of coffee.  In spite of the grind, I'd stick with the usual 1 tablespoon per cup proportion for your drip coffee maker and work up from there.  Your intuition should serve you well, and I'd stick with your usual measurements (I'm one of those `heaping' tablespoon per cup guys).<br /><br />The coffee definitely shows its South American origins.  In spite of the darkness of the roast and richness of the aroma, the coffee once  brewed is more light, breakfasty, and slightly more acidic than I imagined it would be. Given the type of coffee that it is, it also might have benefited from a slightly lighter roast. Still, it is a well balanced South American blend.  It lacks the distinctiveness of a single origin coffee but given that it is a blend has a more rounded, less biting flavor.  Although decaffeinating can sometimes sap the bold flavors of a coffee, this coffee still has a lot of personality and a distinctive taste.<br /><br />This is not for the pure coffee lover who likes a dark, earthy, and oily cup of java that can basically stand on its own.  This coffee is more for people who like to add a lot of buffer--a fair amount of milk and sugar or one of those Torani syrups (e.g. <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001E5E2QS">Torani Syrup, Vanilla, 25.4-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 3)</a>) for a little extra flavor, for those who like those kind of things.  It also makes a great iced coffee.  If cold brewed, the coffee loses its tannic edge and is more smooth and sweet, but also loses a little personality in the process. (I did not try using this in an espresso machine as I do not have one, but I don't think that it would yield a great espresso.  Concentrated, I think the acidity might become overwhelming.)<br /><br />All in all, this is a fine blend of coffee at a fine price.  With a little experimentation on the proportions, it yields a fine cup of breakfast coffee.
This coffee had two strikes against it: it was decaf, and it was already ground. I do use decaf, generally in a 50/50 mix with full strength caffeinated coffee, but I always like to grind my own beans to assure freshness. Still, I thought I'd give this Melitta coffee a shot (it was free from Vines, after all). I'm happy to say it surpassed expectations. I made a pot without mixing it with anything and drank it black, as I always do. It's surprisingly drinkable, if a little on the light side. Still, the taste is fairly rich and appealingly winey, though I do like a little more smoky aftertaste than this provides. (There's really not much aftertaste at all, truth be told.) It's as good if not better than nearly all the straight decaf coffee I've ever had, and having it ground as opposed to beans really doesn't seem to be an issue here. Ground coffee does tend to go stale more quickly than bean, so I'd suggest using it fairly quickly, but that's easy to do with a 10-ounce bag. If you're a decaf drinker and prefer not to have to grind beans, I'd highly recommend this brand...
I have had to cut back on caffeine recently because of heart palpitations that seemed to be made worse by all the coffee I drink (5 cups a day, maybe.) So I am mixing 1/3 Melitta Colombian and 2/3 decaf. I substituted this for the other decaf I have been drinking and found that it has a rich smooth taste. Very little to none of the burnt taste that decaf often has. The price on amazon makes it a pretty good buy as well. I don't care for the packaging, however. I couldn't get it open without cutting the top, and then I had to transfer it to an old coffee can to store it, with all the mess that that entails. If it were in a can, I would be more inclined to buy it. But the taste for a decaf is quite good.
I'm surprised how much it tastes like coffee. To be completely accurate, it tastes like a watered down coffee (like the kind you get at hotels) with hazelnut flavor -- and a *very slight* earthy undertone. If someone gave me a sip and didn't tell me what it was, I'd think it were coffee, let's put it that way.<br /><br />There's not all that much root per teabag though, and since I like strong coffee I only use 6 oz of water per bag and steep it covered for 15 mins. Then with some cream and sugar it's quite good.<br /><br />As for the liver tonic claim, well dandelion stimulates bile flow and supposedly helps clear out some stuff gunking up the liver. I don't know about that yet, but so far I haven't noticed any ill effects from drinking this. I feel fine, if not outright good after drinking a cup, but that's as far as I can confirm the effects.<br /><br />And with even decaf coffee containing 5-15 mg caffeine per serving, this stuff being completely caffeine free is a blessing for those of us who go bananas and light public property on fire when we get the slightest bit of caffeine. Anyone who needs a coffee substitute, do give this a try.
I have been taking this tea twice per day and I am enjoying the way I feel
Hands down, by far the absolute worst tasting tea I have ever had.... and I have ALLOT! I am an avid tea drinker and I just can't get it down. The benefits are supposed to be amazing so I'll keep it around to water down and sugar up but wow it's bad. So strong too, tastes like dirt (*that's been pissed on in the woods).
Dandelion root is reported to aid in reducing high blood pressure, which is why I drink it.  I've pretty much given up coffee drinking and this is a tasty substitute, though one must acquire a taste for it.  At home I use bulk roasted root but these tea bags are fantastic during travel.
I really like this tea, I started drinking it at the suggestion of a friend.<br />It helps to sooth an upset stomache. I will be buying it again in the future.
I love this brand of Dandelion Root tea.  The tea is so good for your health and keeps you regular.  Transaction went smooth like always.  So glad to hear Amazon may soon have home delivery of groceries to my door.  I have some disabilities that require someone to shop for me but I do a lot of it on Amazon.com
I love this tea. And it makes you feel very healthy, which is so needed during the Christmas and New Year season.. I haven't used it in one week, and I can soooo feel my body needing a good detox.  I recommend for anyone who has stomach issues, over indulges, and wants to feel generally better.
Reveived my item fast! It was exactly what I ordered in excellent shape with safe shipping - i will came back and shop here again.  Thanks
I drink this tea every day (I'm 7 months pregnant), and have done so since I found out I was pregnant.  I love that it's organic and contains all the herbs that support a healthy pregnancy.  I don't notice anything dramatic when I drink it or don't drink it, but I will say I feel nourished when I drink it, and have had NO PREGNANCY COMPLICATIONS WHATSOEVER.  I'm 36, this is my first pregnancy, and I have been exceptionally healthy throughout.  I highly recommend this for any pregnant woman--at least a cup a day!
As an avid tea drinker of all corners of the earth, I have had hundreds of teas, and everything from this company as well. I read about this tea as a very powerful health herb but all the reviews said it tastes bad. What do I care? I'd rather be healthy. I never take sugar in my tea either. If you've read this far you are waiting for me to say how bad it was. You can't imagine how bad it is. Without exaggeration I would describe the flavor as a very bitter tasting dirt. Yes, as a 32 year old with children I know what dirt tastes like and this tastes like dirt but with a super bitter taste that makes it hard to drink. My recommendation is to let it steep for a shorter amount of time as to not make a rich bold tea. As you know, the longer it steeps the bolder the tea becomes. Yea, don't do that with this. Four stars because it is apparently very good for you and I thank the company for bringing it to us regardless of the taste of death when other tea companies are using Artificial ingredients to make their teas taste better.
I was pleasantly surprised by the stronger than I expected ginger flavor in this product.  It is excellent, if you like ginger, try this.  Best on hot biscuits!  Update.  I've just reordered, wish they sold it by the gallon, its different, something you can't find locally and excellent.
I love this tea!  Both the green and white varieties are quite consistently fresh.  I have ordered this at least ten times from various internet sites.  I didn't realize how old and stale tea from the grocery store was until I had this brand.  For organic tea, it is quite reasonably priced.  They recommend using two tsp. of loose tea per cup.  I use half that and it tastes great.  Never, ever bitter!  Very smooth tasting.  I highly recommend!
Was glad to find this procuct on line as it is not sold in stores around here.  Found a jar at a grocery outlet and decided to give it a try.  Sure glad I did.  I researched this company and they have been in business since 1898. This is the only preanut butter I really like. It is made with peanuts with no sugar and chemicals added to make it taste better.  It doesn't need to add anything,  Great product and seller was prompt and shipping was reasonable.
This was a great Mother's Day gift. The packaging is unique, very artful, and well designed. Inside are different pouches for each of the Wine-a-Rita flavors. The box is substantial - it feels great wrapped up in wrapping paper. Also the Wine-a-Rita people had the foresight to put two different types of recipes on the box: one for wine and one for hard alcohol. Brilliant move in my opinion. My mom is not the biggest liquor drinker, so now she can make iced drinks with wine as the base rather than hard alcohol. Though other reviews state that they only received the drink pouches in a plastic bag, this was not the case for my purchase. I will update this review if we tinker with the recipes.
This is definitely a "Girl's Alcoholic Slushy."  There are 6 different flavors, and you can use any wine you choose. The package directions are for an entire blender of slush. I have found that using a Tablespoon or two at a time makes just enough for one person.  Good stuff.  Have not found anyone who does not like this product.
I have tried all of the flavors and every one of them are all delicious! They are great for parties and entertaining!
This review is for the packaging and not the actual mix, since the mix is a very subjective thing and my taste my not match others and, some wrote about how poor the packaging was. All I can say is with mine there is more than enough labeling, on the bags themselves and on the box there are instructions on how to. Granted the box is nothing heavy duty or special and the mix is in plain white bags, there are more than enough instructions to go by.
I had tried these at a friends house and loved them, but could not find them anywhere I shop. They are very good for parties or a weekend treat for you and the girls.
I bought these and yes they do come in plastic bags with a label on each but also included was a five sided box that you can fold together that has a picture of each flavor, one on each side. It makes a cute little colorful box, nice to give as a gift if you put it together.
I'd rate these as better than average but since I am not a fan of flavored coffees, I'd only give them a 3 rating as to me they taste artificial and weird like all flavored coffees do. The regular coffees were very good better than many. I really liked the Amazonia and the Africana medium roasts, not so much the Colombian. The dark roast Eclipse, Mexican, and French Roast were very good. I made them into ice coffee, strong but not bitter. I didn't care for the Costa Rican light roast, it had an artificial taste to me. The House blend was good but nothing to write home about. I hate decaf so I used that K-cup to water my plants with, so as far as taste goes I have no idea but my plants perked up. The Chocolate raspberry went nicely into a chocolate cake batter in place of water and it was delicious. If priced right I'd buy them again.
Product was timely delivered as advertised.  There is a wonderful selection of coffees which my clients and I are currently enjoying.  Will order again.
love van houtte k cups. the selections provided allow one to sample coffees from different regions as well as taste the "flavored" coffees without having to buy a complete box of each.  Then, you can pick the ones you like & buy that particular coffee..great concept!
this is very good coffee I have been purchaseing this coffee for a long time an as long as amazon carys tiis I will keep buy it I like the tast it has a nice chocolate tast to it
I love the subcription option at Amazon and am using it to get this smooth and non-bitter coffee! I love it.
I got this at a local discount store for $6. It has an excellent flavor and the only reason I gave it 4 stars instead if 5 was personal preference.
My first package came damaged but the first rate customer service department replaced it quickly. The orzo are delicious and easy to cook.
I've used this product in traditional risotto recipes, but it's also excellent to use in things like chicken soup, makes a nice, creamy, thick soup base.  I'm still exploring other ways to use this wonderful product.
I'm not sure why no one seems to like these very much!  They are pretty good to us.  I haven't had a problem with them falling apart and they're easy to slice for toasting.  My son,(who is the one on the GFCF diet), is extremely picky and suspicious of anything new, ate these muffins without hesitating. I sometimes poke a hole in the middle and serve as a 'bagel'.  These are a regular staple in our house.
If you need gluten free, non-dairy and no egg, pickings are pretty slim.<br /><br />If you use a really sharp serrated knife and work carefully, you can split them successfully.<br /><br />Great for mini-pizzas!
These are ok. I like the sweet potato ones better and both have good fiber content.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000FFRY3G">Ener-G Foods English Muffins, 15.1-Ounce Units (Pack of 6)</a><br /><br />These are one of my favorite gluten free items and a regular item to keep on hand.  I take for lunch and toast and very filling and easy but cheaper than going to fast food places.  I use for mini pizzas, Hamburg buns, bacon, egg and cheese sandwich for breakfast, chicken sandwiches, etc.  Easy to take on trips or friends and family to eat. Must toast or bake for best favor.
How can you go wrong with buying these in bulk for less than $3 per unit when they can run as high as $5 per unit retail?
These are great. We were told to stay away from wheat, barley and rye. This is a good answer for us. They a not pre-cut so you have to cut them in to. I recommend them.
This product is very good but I have this feeling that it is rather highly priced. I don't know why gluten free products in general are very expensive when they are made from easily available ingredients.People with Gluten problem are not just "eating Healthy" but are sick and should not be exploited. I like the muffins particularly when they are toasted.
Tried this item liked it. This item was cheaper to get than buying at the local store, easier to get and it has a longer shelf life than what i was getting.  Around here driving 30 miles one way is local.  P.S.  These can make great mini pizzas
Dried berries, still with texture and the quintessential aroma. Pot roast is so much better with half a dozen berries flattened into the breadboard and scooped into the pickling mixture. But in ten years, trying to find them - gee. So now I know to look for it on Amazon.
Again, exactly what I ordered. No fuss, no muss. Arrived on time. Pretty much an ideal transaction. Only thing that threw me was that I underestimated the quantity. (gallon baggie in the freezer, ftw)
shipping was really good,and i got what i ordered on time. will buy from again,alittle pricy but my little dog likes them.
THANKS TO AMAZON FOR CARRYING THIS WONDERFUL PRODUCT . MY LOCAL GROCERY STORE NO LONGER CARRIES THIS PRODUCT AND GENERALLY PROMOTES THIER PRIVATE LABEL HOUSE BRANDS .<br />FOR THOSE FOLKS WHOM ENJOY FETTUCCINE ALFREDO , THIS PRODUCT CANT BE BEAT .<br />IT IS FAST AND VERY EASY TO PREPARE AND A EXCELLENT ITALIAN PASTA DINNER CAN BE READY IN 30 MINUTES OR LESS .<br />FOR ME , I DO ADD SOME EXTRA PARM CHEESE TO THE MIX , YET , THAT IS PERSONAL PREFERENCE .<br />WE REALLY ENJOY TOSSING IN SOME BONELESS AND SKINLESS CHICKEN , GRILLED , TO ADD TO THE SAUCE AND CREATE OUR OWN....CHICKEN ALFREDO .<br />THANKS AGAIN TO AMAZON AND TO MC CORMICKS FOR MAKING THIS PRODUCT AVAILALBE .<br /><br />CHUCK RUNZO , PITTSBURGH , PA .
I love to eat pasta but totally clueless on how to make one...saw this while at the grocery earlier, decided to try it, followed the instructions and viola... one awesome dinner!! note: I did add some parmesan and romano cheese to add more flavor..
I went searching for charcoal dog biscuits after reading that they help with digestive gas and bad breath.  This appears to be only one of two brands on the market.  I haven't tried the other one (I think it's called Sportmix) because the other did not make a biscuit for small dogs.  My dog has been eating one a day and I can't say for sure whether or not they work. She used to have really smell gas; she hasn't dropped a bomber like that in a while so maybe it's due to the biscuits - who knows?  She does like these biscuits very much, so I will surely buy them again.
My 4yo Cardigan Welsh Corgi loves these things, and when they stopped carrying them at PetSmart, I had to go here for them.  They seem to be made of good ingredients, and they're the right size for him.  Plus, he loves them and that's what's important!
I HAVE A 7 YEAR OLD SCOTTISH TERRIER WHO HAS SOME FOOD ALLERGIES. NO WHEAT FOR MY GIRL. :) THIS TREAT IS GREAT FOR SETTLEING AN UPSET STOMACH AND MY DOG LOOKS FORWARD TO HER CHARCOAL BONE TREATS.
My dog loved these and I think they probably helped with his gas and dare I say his breath too.
Everyone here who's tried Exclusive Energy has been surprised by its unique ability to pleasantly refresh!<br />Hope it will become more readily available.
Love the products, both the sugar free and the regular are great. Feel refreshed, absolutely no crash. no after taste. stopped drinking Monster and Full Throttle and started drinking Exclusive!
Most of the time, you want crackers because you want to get the dip or whatever topping into your mouth! With these, you can have those snacks again without having to worry about the calorie content of your crackers!<br /><br />They're only 17 calories a slice, and each slice is about the size of a 3 x 5 notecard. They're delicate and have a nice easy "crunch." These ones in particular have a lower sodium content as well, versus the pesto and garlic ones (they're a bit higher in sodium content, over 200 mg per 3 slices).<br /><br />It's an excellent addition, no matter what diet you are on...or if you're not even on a diet! I bring them to parties and everyone always asks what they are and where can they get them.
I highly recommend these very tasty Kavli Thin Crispbreads. I wanted something different than just white bread for sandwiches. I hate whole wheat. I love rye. I saw these, noticed the ingredients couldn't get much simpler and gave them a try. Topped with cheese, or a sandwich spread or whatever you'd like they're very tasty. I feel as full after 2 or 3 of these, topped of course, as I did with just white bread. They're nice and thin so it isn't like biting into anything hard - just a nice crunch. The flavor isn't strong at all - it is very mild and nothing like a rye bread you might have purchased in the past. Then I noticed that they are only 20 calories per slice. What's not to love? They taste good, they're whole grain, they're super low in calories, it's no crunchier than a potato chip, and I feel satisfied while chewing and after eating them. Oh - and they keep forever in the cupboard. I definitely will be buying these for a long time. :)
Great alternative for those who can't eat wheat. A little bland, but crunchy and crispy.
As someone who suffers occasionally from digestive difficulties, these Kavli Crispy Thins are among the few things that I can eat at such times.  I always keep these crackers around to add to soups.  However, there are also times when they are the only thing I can properly digest.  This is a great item to have around when having digestive difficulties associated with the flu or stress.  For me they work better than the "bananas, rice, applesauce or toast" of the BRAT diet used in relieving IBS. These thin, easy to chew crackers are a really great product.
Based on other reviews, I tried these Kavli products.  They're great low-fat snacks.  These are great with natural peanut butter and jelly between 2.<br /><br />Recommended.
Kavli Crispy Thin Crispbread is the right consistency for multiple uses.  The taste is fantastic.  It's fresh and pleasant to eat.  Kavli products are the best.
My wife is on the low carb diet, well WE are on the low carb diet - which means: "small breakfast" if you do not have time to make eggs and bacon. "It is hard to get the coffee down without peanut butter" she says. We have been using crackers like these Kavli crispbreads to "get down the peanut butter" since before I can remember - I think it was when Dan and Mary Eads published: "Protien Power Plan" in the late 1990s. Many years ago we found these to be the best. We could only find them in Wegmans grocery store in NE Pennsylvania, and now that the Army has moved us (again) to Fort Knox, KY we can only find them at Kroger. Recently we cannot seem to find them there either, so we order them. They come fast, not broken, and they are fresh. Also, they are not any more costly to purchase online and pay for delivery than to waste time looking for them. One note: My wife hates opnening things, and we found the best way to do so with these is to cut off the end of the cellophane(?) with scissors - prevents cracks of this thin bread!
I enjoy my Kavli Crispy Thins so much and so often that I now order by the case. Besides being naturally low fat and naturally nutritious, Kavli Crisp Thins are a great replacement for salty, fattening nachoes, and/ or pizza. With Crispy Thins, you can make your own nachos by layering the Crisps w/ chopped tomatoes, cheese, even ground meat ... pop 2 Crisp Thins w/ toppings in microwave, and  you've got your delicious nachos, (or pizza). I have Crispy Thins w/ melted cheese every morning ... great way to start the day. No, I don't work for Kavli ! This is not an ad, but a truthful review. Also so nice and easy to be able to order Kavli ( and just about everything) via Amazon.
My wife like these better that the Swedish version, Wasa, as she finds the taste better and likes the thinness of the product.  We will buy again.
Wheat-free, natural ingredients, easy to chew. Dry by itself but is good with coconut oil and/or fruit spread.
I haven't seen these on the shelf for a while now so decided to buy here, although 12 boxes is a lot. They're great with butter and honey. Haven't tried them with anything else.<br />They're very thin and fragile and so whatever you put on them will stand out.  But they still have a healthy taste.
This crispbread is nice and thin - great for those with more sensitive teeth.<br /><br />I eat 3 of these in the morning for breakfast with Smuckers Sugar-Free jelly on them.<br />Guilt free and delicious.<br /><br />You do have to be a little careful when spreading heavy stuff on them like peanut butter.<br />If you press too hard they can break.<br /><br />One thing you can't tell from the box is that there are actually 2 air-tight packs in the box.<br /><br />I'm currently eating these and the ryvita sesame rye crispbread.<br />Highly recommend both.<br /><br />Note: I have lost 12 pounds by changing my diet but I give the most credit to 2 things.  Rye crispbread replacing almost<br />all of the flour in my diet.  And drinking oolong tea which helps burn belly fat.<br />You do need to exercise a little bit too.
I love rye. Used to eat the thick rye crisps, but my old teeth just can't handle them anymore.  But I still love some crunch. I also like to eat healthier and these crisp thins are whole grain and have more fiber than many bread options.<br /><br />It was getting harder to find them locally so I started getting them here on Amazon so I never have to be w/o my favorite cracker! Another bonus - I've had these around the house for years but my kids never showed any interest (just some weird thing mom ate) until I ordered a whole box of them last month. My last daughter still at home thought maybe she should try them since I bought so many. Now she's hooked so she's taking them off to college with her!
I was looking forward to this order from Amazon. I've been on a calorie restricted diet for months and it's the taste of grains (bread, chips, crackers)that I miss the most. I find these Thin Crispbreads from Kavli to be the perfect solution. They are ultra thin. I mean they are thinner than you might think possible.<br /><br />As soon as I saw the first one I was amazed it made it through the shipping process in one piece. So far I have not come across a single broken cracker. My next thought was...."well, as soon as I bite into it, the thing's going to explode into a thousand tiny shards. I was amazed when it held together and showed only a perfect half moon hole where my teeth had been. These crackers really hold together nicely.<br /><br />The flavor is very plain. There is no seasoning, and very little salt. they taste like the grains they are made from. I have ordered a case of the "Garlic" flavor and look forward to trying them. I eat these with a generous spoonful of very low calorie pepper and eggplant spread that makes for a very low calorie snack. I highly recommend these.
I have been buying this delicious crispbread for many years, but for some reason it is no longer available in stores. It's an all rye product with only natural ingredients and is just a few calories per cracker. Because it's so thin it doesn't overwhelm the flavour of cheese or tapenade, which is my favourite thing to have with the crackers. I thought maybe I'd overdone it by buying two cases, but I'm already into the second box after just a week.
I highly recommend this product.  Can't beat the calorie count.  My favorite use is putting natural crunchy peanut butter and blackberry jam between two pieces.  Also great with cheese.  Healthy product.
I discovered these when I moved to Canada a few years back.  Before this I had only experienced a thicker Wasa crispbread and was a bit put off at first.  The feelings dissolved the first time I ate one of these with light laughing cow cheese.  They are a little more "powdery" than I'd like, but they compliment most cheeses very well without overwhelming them.
The title says it all - if you want a cracker that doesn't interfere with the flavor of what you're topping it with, but also adds a delicate crunch, this is your cracker.<br /><br />Recently at a friends house we were having some various crackers with a little butter and when I asked what the first cracker was, I was presented with a box of Kavli Crispy Thin crackers. The only way I've tried them so far is plain, buttered or with homemade cranberry jam and they're hard to put down.<br /><br />I was a little surprised to see the other reviews bringing up the healthful aspects of these crackers as the two main reasons I love them so much have nothing to do with anything other than what I want out of a cracker - light, crispy texture and delicious flavor!
Hard to find on the store shelves.  Doesn't over power the flavors you put on it.
I just tried this crackers and am so pleased.. They are very very thin but strong enough to hold a spread. At only 16 calories per large cracker 3x5 inch size , you really can enjoy a nice treat for under 50 calories. A wonderful find for those of us that try to eat healthy and with some control
Product was as described. It was shipped promptly and I will be consuming it as part of a medically supervised diet..it is the only bread that I'm allowed.
I discovered the Kavli thin crackers in paris at "Marks & Spencer" in 1980 and Kavli has been since, "my bread" and I was happy, when we moved to the US in 1987, to find them also here.<br /><br />I can say that kavli has been an important part of helping me to keep my weight
It is very strong and pure! you just need a little bit to get a great flavor. Helps with digestion but the smell is strong!!
So okay, I don't do hot tea; BUT this is a perfect loose leaf tea for iced tea.  Am I an expert at Ice Tea?  No, but after moving to the South some 25 years ago, I have tasted lots of iced tea and this one makes as good as you can find anywhere.  I will say that most recipes I could find must have been for some cheap tea bags (weak, somewhat tasteless and bitter), so I experimented a little and found a great recipe for this loose leaf tea.  The recipe is 1/4 cup tea to 8 cups water.  Bring the water to a boil take it off the heat, put the tea in, let it steep for NO MORE THAN 5 minutes and strain into a container, let cool to room temperature and refrigerate.  If you are in a hurry, fill a glass with ice and pour the tea over the ice.  This works great for this particular loose leaf tea - not strong, not weak.  Oh yes, if you like sweet tea, add the sugar to the container while the tea is hot.
These are so tasty I use them when making my cheesecake cookies and in pancakes there's nothing that they can't be used in. They taste sweet and not overpowering.
Order these with the idea in mind of putting them in waffles, pancakes & a cookiie recipe that I had.
looking for bits as real blueberries seem to have no flavor these days.. these were very good,  Would def buy again
I buy Gosh That's Good Sugar Free White Velvet all of the time.  This is the best SF White Chocolate that I have ever used.  It may be a little expensive but it lasts a long time.  Buy it and ENJOY!
I have been looking at this product for a couple months and finally gave in.  First of all, the name got my interest!  The taste is delicious BUT I'm having problems with the directions!  Haven't figured out if it's actually a hot beverage or do you put it in a hot beverage?!?!?!?!?  It has a scoop (small) and says to put that in a cup (instructions for 8 oz.) and then put a couple "shots" of hot water!  Shots of water????  And you can add frothing milk.  Hum!  Confused but I guess I will work with it.  Hope it doesn't take the whole container (very large) to figure it out. I would have given it 5 stars had I understood the instructions!
This stuff is AMAZING!  Fast shipping and most of all the best tasting sugar free low calorie item on the market.  Bravo!  I use it in my coffee and its a real treat.<br /><br />THANK YOU!  Will be ordering more very soon.
Wagyu beef is a kobe beef Japanese cow crossbred with an American cow. It's the best possible beef you can get in the US and is not illegal.
My youngest cat is very particular about what he eats.  He absolutely will not eat if something doesn't meet his expectations.  Between that and the recent pet food recalls, I've had a really hard time finding cat food that I can feed him.  I'm happy to say that the Merrick Turducken clicks with him, plus it has no wheat gluten or other fillers.  The texture of it is appealing, too . . . it's not just "mush" or Spam-looking like many foods.  I'll continue to buy Turducken and plan to also try out some of the other Merrick flavors.
I open a can of this stuff, and it looks like real food.  I spoon it onto the dishes for my four, and it dishes like actual meat and sauce.  All four of them dive right into it, and all four saucers are licked clean.<br /><br />I have seen the health benefits to my cats from feeding them high quality grain-free food.  This Turducken canned food is one of the staples of their diet.  I love feeding it to them, and they love eating it.<br /><br />In my view, it's worth the extra money to get really good food for one's pets.
really gets the mouth watering, a little over $3.00 at BIG5, the price listed here is insane!
This is a good deal for a flavor not often carried in the stores. The honey berry flaver is a good thing, not being to mediciny and things of that nature. Yum
I've used this BBQ sauce before and it is good especially considering that is free of so many negatives (like corn syrup and for us gluten) but the price on this can't be right.  Order directly from the Daddy Sam's website to pay $5.50/19 oz bottle.  This price would HAVE to be a case price although the description says 19oz.
This was a cute, affordable set for my 2 y/o son's golf theme party.  They were a great size for a half sheet cake and he's played with them as toys since his party.
I only used one green with it's ball, etc. with the golfer on the cake.  I made one long hole with fairway, sand traps, water hazards and green.  My hubby loved it for his big 30th golf themed party.  I used the extra golf clubs, balls and pins on the decor table around the cake.  If I had a huge sheet cake to decorate I could see using the three greens but it wouldn't have fit right on one 9x13 cake.  Knowing I was buying Wilton made me confidant that I would be very satisfied and I was.  And for the price, I couldn't go wrong :)
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0000VMBDI">WILTON 13 PC GOLF SET 1306-7274</a><br /><br />I am very happy with this product I purchased this item for my collages retirement celebration. I have received numerous comments! WOW everyone wanted to know where I purchased these Items; of course I was proud to say amazon.com..... I would suggest my friends to Purchase this product from Wilton as the price is very cheap and the quality is very good...
The Golf "set" arrived quickly and was just as pictured. The birthday for my five year old grandson turned out great.
The BEST sugar substitute at this time. Swerve is virtually replacing sugar in our home. Bakes and measures the same as sugar with no aftertaste. Can't wait for it to go mainstream to be able to buy in our supermarkets.
I am absolutely amazed with the taste of this product. I'm not too much of a fan of the Caramel Dip, but the syrup is equally as delicious as its Pancake counterpart. I highly recommend it, but ask your local grocers to see if they're willing to carry it. This is far too expensive than what I paid going to my grocery store.
I feed my two Pugs and occasional rescue Newman's Advanced Dog formula. I like this better than the regular Newman's, because it has less ingredients. I supplement with high quality can food, organic free range chicken, healthy powder and salmon oil. My boys are healthy; their coats are amazing. Highly recommend but with supplements--see above.
Newman products have been used in our home for years. After researching Newman's Adult Dog food I felt confident in giving the food to our two cocapoo's. They love it! One of them wolfs it down in 4 seconds! Really, I timed it.<br />With so many companies recalling dog foods,I felt the Newman company being organic would be more reliable. Keeps me from worrying so much as I pour that bowl of food for them.
This food is great. My 11 year old beagle loves it and she is much more active since I changed her food. I highly recommend this dog food.
We have had trouble in finding dog food for one of our small dogs who obviously has a very sensitive stomach.  We have tried several kinds of dog food for her and Newman's Own Organic seems to be agreeing with her. So we will continue purchasing this product through Amazon as long as it does.
Love the fact that it is on Subscribeand save.  The change to this food has had many benefits. My dog loves it, has aided in the suppression of tear staining (he's part beagle, part King Charles), and makes his poo firm.
I was using Organix for a while, and was happy with the ingredients, and my dog seemed to enjoy it. Then I saw all the great reviews for Newman's Own Organic Dog Food, along with the great price, and decided to give it a try.<br /><br />They say that it takes a dog a while to get used to a new food, but I have to tell you: from the first day I gave him the Newman's Own, he REFUSED to eat the Organix anymore, he loved the Newman's Own so much - even though he'd eaten the Organix for years! I even tried mixing the bit of Organix I had left in with the Newman's Own. But he would just pick out the pieces and leave them on the floor next to his bowl.<br /><br />So, I don't know what it is, but my dog sure seems to love this food! He's eating more now and he's very healthy.<br /><br />Again, I had no complaints about the Organix. I think it's probably a good dog food. But my dog sure prefers the Newman's Own!!
I have a 11 yr old Pomimo (1/2 Pomeranian, 1/2 American Eskimo) who seems to only like human food. Although I'd love to give him human food all the time, I know it's not good for his digestive system, and it doesn't have the proper nutrients required for a dog, especially at his current age. Upon trying various brands including Blue and Call of the Wild, I couldn't justify the price in comparison to how little my dog liked the taste. After reading some positive reviews here on Amazon for Newman's, I decided to give it a go. Surprisingly, my dog started eating the food immediately after I poured some into his dish. He never does that with other dry dog food, and usually waits to eat after I've given him a nibble of everything that I eat during the day. What makes it even better is the reasonable price for the quality. Yes, I understand that organic and quality US-made food are naturally more expensive, however some of the brands charge double of Newman's and provide only half the taste. As humans, we're usually sold by the nutritious & wholesome advertisements when buying dog food, however I think its pretty important for my dog to actually like the taste of the food also. Newman's seems to be the ticket for both nutrition and taste. Will be buying Newman's as a regular!
We have been feeding our dog Newman's Own since she was very young.  She was a finiky eater and I was a determined owner who insisted on organic food.  Both of our needs were fulfilled when we found this great product.  It's the only dog food that she has eaten and she is going to be 9 years old next month.  The only reason she ever has gone to the vet is for her shots.  I highly recommend this food....I am SOOO glad amazon carries it now because we had to drive quite a distance to buy it before at a organic pet shop.....
I'm very pleased with this dog food.  Haven't ordered anything else for my dogs since I bought this.  My lab and my malti poo both eat it happily and I'm happy that it is healthy for them.
I highly recommend Newman's Own Organics Dog Food. Natural, high is nutrition and with out fillers. Keep your dogs healthy and with lots of energy for a long time!
It took for a week to waiting them to ship for the item but soooo pleased to myself and my dog :-) Thank you for the Newman's daughter to keeping an awesome company n' caring our pets!!!! 5 stars!
I switched my dog to this food and watching him truly enjoy eating and the taste of his food is worth anything.  He has eaten Precise foundation formula for the almost two years since I adopted him.  He often goes off his food and/or vomits from time to time.  I've tried switching him to Wellness and Blue Buffalo with no positive results.  I can't tell you the immediate difference in him from the first time he ate the Newman's...and he looks forward to every meal, doesn't beg for other stuff because he is satisfied, and he seems to have more energy.  He is a 110-lb Great Pyrenees and finally very happy with his food.
We have two Westies who, to say the least, have very sensitive digestion systems.  Since using this product, their hair is soft and moisturized, they love their food, and to boot, they are down to their recommended weight. We're on the automatic delivery program and that's the best no brainer ever.
The ingredients are really wholesome. And, fast delivery!<br />It would be nice if they had some type of fish formula though.<br />But my dog loves them and will buy again!
We switched to this brand because one of our dog's eyes always teared, and someone said it could be from a corn allergy.  This is one of only a few brands that is corn free and it cured the teary eye problem quickly.  BLUE brand does not contain corn, but they include garlic in their blend which can cause kidney problems in dogs over time according the veteriniarian.  It smells more natural than Purina One which I had been feeding them and they seem to like it better.  I like that the sales from the food go to charity too.  A good product.
We've originally bought this as our dog's first food and then switched to Wellness. Dog had runs for a few weeks hoping it would go away then went back to Newman's own and now our dog feels a lot better. Never switched his food ever again.
This brand is the lowest price I can find in organic dog kibbles. The subscription is convenient. I wish the company makes 50 pound bags.
We have been using this product for over a year now, Goldie our dog loves it, she is 15 years old now.
I have two English bull terrier with bad allergies. One of which is very picky and quickly stopped eating any type of dog food that I bought. They have been eating Newman's advanced dog formula for active or senior dogs for 18 months now and have not tired of it. Their skin and mobility has improved and they love it. I buy it by subscription so we never have to worry about running out and it is the cheaper way to purchase. My local stores only sell small bags which is an expensive way to buy.
Received in a timely manner and in good condition. My Mishka is a little spoiled (I cook her meals when I can afford it, buy her wellness kibble when I can't) but she ate this willingly. I bought this because it qualified for overnight shipping, unlike the much heavier wellness bag, and she was almost out of kibble. I'm happy with the compromise.
I buy Newmans Own adult dog food for my two chihuahuas.  I've always fed them natural, human-grade dog food, even though most brands can be a bit pricey.  Like most pet parents, I try to do the best I can for my dogs which starts with feeding them right.  Most dog food can be disgusting and the practices behind it are disturbing.  Newmans Own is more affordable, and I feel good about the company's ethics and practices so it was worth a try.<br /><br />My dogs love it so it was easy to switch from the other brand.  They gobble it up! I now have it on subscription so we don't run out.
4-year old Elkhound loves this food, and it keeps her in great health.  Amazon has the best price I've found for this food, and it's even better with subscribe and save.  I highly recommend it.
Great alternative to dog food with corn and other by-products. Our picky dogs enjoy this food and so do I, knowing<br />it is better their health.
I feel good about the quality and mix it with canned PN food.  She doesn't care for it by itself but then she doesn't like any dry dogfood.
One of the best for our 11 year old Jack Russell mix.<br />I always check to make the first ingredient is meat or chicken, not a byproduct.
I have 4 adult Shih-Tzus and while they do prefer it when I cook for them...... they do eat this and it has helped eliminate the brownish tear stains they get when I feed them some dry foods.
I read all the reviews before buying this food and overall I was impressed with the product myself.  The dogs like it, they have no ill effects as 1 reviewer alleged (looking at her other reviews I think hers should be tossed by Amazon) and I can get it for even less on a subscription with Prime which means 2 Day No Cost shipping.  Whats not to love?  I do mix this with some Prescription Diet J/D since I have one "older' dog and 1 with some allergies and the combo seems to help.  Bottom Line:  It is a good product and after doing a ton of reading (I don't buy my animals cheap food or ANYTHING that I think comes from China) I think it does everything it claims.
My YorkiePoo thrives on this dog food.  I ran out two weeks ago, no local source, bought a competitor's so called equivalent only to see my Quinn suffer from itching and belly aches.  I ordered this from Amazon yesterday, free shipping, they sent it out hours later and I recieved it today!
My Tibetin Terrior is 3 years old and has been on Wellness food since birth.  I just recently found Newman's Own Organics.<br />The price was a bit cheaper, plus free shipping to my home!  AWESOME!  When I started to gradually change foods.  My LIVI,<br />would eat only the Newmans' and leave the Wellness to later when she was really hungry.  So Funny!  She is the "queen" and she knows it!!
I don't know why, because it doesn't look very appetizing, but my two dachshunds love this stuff and scarf it down with great abandon.
I have been using the product for several months now.  The dogs seem to like it and having it delivered is really nice.  What more can I say?
Hello, I have tried some different foods for my dog,but this is the one she tolerates the best.I have a 13 year old Border Collie/Lab mix and have been giving her this food for quite some time now.She loves it.Thank you.
the auto ship is a terrific way to get hard to find dog food like Newman's-- I can;t find it in my area at all, and it is all my elderly dog can eat with her IBS and preservative sensitivities.<br />  Easy and cost effective.  I only wrestle with the CO2 footprint on having it to be shipped :((  And am working on finding an offset for that. !! :)
I feed my 10 year old toy breed this food and she hasn't complained yet.  Was feeding her Eukanuba her whole life before the dog food scare.  Switched then to only organic brands like Wellness.  This product has been the best deal on organic dog food I have found and with the subscribe and save...perfect!!
This is a great product. Very comforting for owners that it is all natural (and mostly organic) with no by products and preservatives.<br /><br />We gave our dog (a 7 year old lab mix) PetPromise before. After the transition it took a couple of days for her to get used to it, but once she did she loves it. My dog is quite picky about her food and she likes "junk food" better rather than wholesome food and treats (of course!). She is very used to Newman's own now and it gives her very good bowl movement. Always a plus!
I adopted a rescue dog who had an allergy to corn. I checked every bag in local stores but all main fillers were corn. I thought I would have to drive to nearest pet store (120 mile round trip)to find a corn free dog food. Then I found this brand on Amazon which listed all the ingretents. No corn! My dog loves it so much, I even use it as a trick when training her. I'll be buying again and again.
My dog never met a meal she didn't love including this one.  The price is very good, especially utilizing the subscription option.  I make 2/3 of the food I feed my dog, it's very easy and economical and the best way to control the quality.
very high quality food that my dog will actually eat .. always ships promptly and well packaged
I've always given my dog what I thought was high quality dog food since she was a puppy.  After the pet food issues of a few years ago I switched to only organic dog food for her.  Since she is only 10 lbs the price difference isn't too bad.  I am a free feeder which isn't ideal but means my dog basically has access to food any time she wants it.  Because of this she only gets really excited when "people" food is offered to her.  Well when I open this bag she comes over and eats asap.  Good enough for me!
Yayy!!! Not feeling well today and dreading having to go to grocery store. But the one thing I cannot do without is dog food. (love my dogs). Low and behold, the door bell rang and it was like Santa heard me. I can't believe how quickly my order came. I was so happy I posted on facebook, and text to my mother. Thank you AMAZON :-) Thank you PRIME!!!
I tried many different types of dry food for my picky eater, a cavalier king charles spaniel. When I found the Newmans own I hit gold. My dog loves it, he licks his bowl clean, and best of all it is good for him. His coat looks very healthy and his intermittent stomach issues are controlled. I am really happy with this brand. I wish it was available at more stores.
I have started buying a lot of organic food over the past year, and it dawned on me that perhaps my dog should be eating more healthfully also. When I look at the list of ingredients on regular dog food, it is downright nauseating! I bought some of this Newman's Own and my dog loves it. She usually gobbles it up the minute I put it into the bowl.
This large bag of dry pet food is highly recommended for you adult dog. It's also worth purchasing this larger sized bag (or get two of them at once) in order to stock up on this food for a greater length of time.
My dogs love it, even the little princess terrier.  I've tried many other brands and they enjoy this one the most as so far.
Fast Delivery.  Product arrived exactly as described.  Would purchase again from this company.
I believe that dog food should be what your dog likes to start with.<br /><br />Next, I think that you should do research to make sure it is right for<br /><br />your pooch!!! All human grade products go into the dog food, another<br /><br />decision is the size, and for 14 lbs. a 7 pound bag is perfect!!! Buying<br /><br />at Amazon is a great way to buy, because they have the 7 pounder!!!
I rotate between Newmans, Nature Balance, and Ceasar Milans organic dog food. My dog eat's all three so can't say which is better. My main reason to purchase this brand (or any Newman product) is for the charity the profits goes to. My way of supporting companies that give back.
I signed up for the monthly subscription for this item. The price is great especially without having to pay shipping charges. I love the fact that I can manage the subscription by skipping a month or ordering it earlier than scheduled. Amazon has been excellent getting my shipments out on a timely manner. <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000VK33C6">Newman's Own® Organics Adult Dog Food Chicken & Rice Formula, 7-Pound Bag</a>Very pleased with all my orders from Amazon. Extremely pleased with their customer service! THANKS AMAZON!
Just signed up for the Subscribe and Save option.  Saved a few bucks per bag versus the local store, and now it will show up every month.  Hopefully the rhythm will match the consumption rate of my two dogs! (the shortest shipping interval is 1 month, but you can trigger an immediate delivery if needed)
I put this in my dogs bowl and the first time, my dog,Bob Saget, just licked the bowl clean same ol same ol. Then! I put in some Uranium Ore and bamy waowi HE TURNED GREEN!!! Good results. The next day his eyes startes to glow and, when I took him for his daily stroll he looked at the neighbors cat and it levitated and exploded Good results.<br /> I think I'll try some my I have a few people that the world dosen't need :-)
I cannot express enough how pleased I am with this dog food. I feed my 11 year old German Shepard, and my two year old Pittie Girl this food every day, and the benefits are astounding.  For most of my Shepards life I fed her a well known, vet recommended food, and yet she always had stomach problems.  Trying many things, it was not until I rescued, and I should really say she rescued me, and the dog food recall, that I began doing research on brands of food.  After a long investigation, I decided on Newman's Own, not only because there had been no recall on the food, but because of the ingredients, and that the proceeds going to charity. Now, choosing this brand, would mean that I would have to order it online, because my local stores did not carry it, but that was all right with me, because not only do I enjoy online ordering, but I am an older, disabled woman, and getting to the store and hauling in packages is very hard for me.  Well, I want to tell you, My 11 year old thrives on this food, with no more digestive issues, and a beautiful white coat, and she loves eating it with vigor. My two year old American Pit Bull Terrier, another love of my life, also thrives on this food, has the most beautiful shiny coat ever, and people say all the time how beautiful her coat is.  I do spoil my fur kids, but their health and well being is my number one priority.  I have just recently switched over feeding my 4 cats Newman's Own cat food, both dry and canned food, and since then, I have noticed the difference in the elimination of hair balls.  I know that I am truly a pet lover, but I believe that if you love your pets and want only the best well being for them, unnecessary medical issues, and all around good health, a good balanced, safe, natural food is the way to go.  I highly recommend Newman's Own dog and cat food.  I also feed my two dogs Newman's Own biscuits as treats.
I adopted a dog that was raised by a bunch of frat age boys.  You can imagine the diet she had; Burgers, fries, ice-cream, and the cheapest dog foods on the market.<br /><br />No, she wasn't crazy about Newman's dog food when I switched her to it.  But if you think about how people react to a healthy diet in the beginning it makes sense.  It takes time for the taste buds to adjust and not want the artificial ingredients put into most of the food out there.<br /><br />It has been almost a year.  My dog, Molly, is bouncy and healthy and almost allergy free. She gets dry Newman's fed free style, and 4 ounces of Newman's canned every day.  Her weight stays stable at 65 pounds which is perfect for her. Her treats are real meat jerky strips a few times a week.<br /><br />On another note, this diet has made doggy duty much easier. She never vomits anymore. Her scat is always firm, making her easy to clean up after.  She is regular as clock-work.  All these plusses make it more enjoyable to be a dog owner.
Our dog is 13 years old and for the last couple of years, his stomach has become particularly sensitive. We tried various brands of dog food before settling on Newman's Own. Our dog loves it and has not had any more trouble with his stomach. It is hard to find though. I was buying it from a small local organic grocery store but they only carried it in the smallest size and I was paying almost twice as much as on Amazon. Now I have it set up on Amazon to ship monthly.
I've yet to find any of the dogs I know that love it.  I still have my allergic dog eating it, but she has to be hungry to eat this without doctoring.  My vet doesn't want me feeding her people food so I add some of Newman's or Happy Hips canned to it.<br /><br />I've talked to a couple of vets about prescription diet and they all push the big company brand names.  The common objection appears to be the soy used in Newman's to increase the protein count.<br /><br />I am willing to put a little flavor in this to feed may dog high quality, social responsible food.<br /><br />I may be the only person who has made the following mistake but, assuming you catch the Amazon sales, make sure you are ordering the bag size you want.  I thought I was getting a good price on one order until the food came and it was the seven instead of twelve pound bag.
I originally bought this as a replacement for Science Diet's I/D as it was always much more expensive than anything else out there. I/D was also more expensive than Newman's at my local vet's office. I have had a ton of issues getting my dog to accept other dog foods in the past. We tried pretty much every brand that you can buy in pet shops and always had problems with my dog scratching or having her ears get bright red. We found out the problem after one of the cases where she almost went into renal failure after eating her Milkbone treats. We needed something organic without a lot of beef in it. While this one does have some bi-product for protein, it doesn't seem to bother my dog at all. She also has normal stools every time which wasn't the case even with the I/D. My dog hated the I/D. She would often leave a good portion of it on the ground or in the bowl and rarely ate it in its entirety. With the Newman's own it is night and day. She scarfs it down in less than a couple minutes and usually eats a bowl in one sitting. It seems like she loves it from the way she eats it.<br /><br />A couple of the reports from reviewers originally scared me about the reports of scratching which was exactly the problem I had with other dog foods. I gave it a try and my husky has never had a problem since and she has been on it for almost three months now. My husky has always had problems with digestive issues and this seems to be one dog food that she likes and does not have problems with.<br /><br />On a side note, I wish Newman's offered a bigger size bag. I have to order these all the time due to the 12.5 pound bag. My husky kills a bag in roughly two weeks due to her size. It still works out being cheaper than the $50 bag of 17 pound I/D I was ordering so I'm still happy with it. Science diet was sending me to the poor house.
I adopted my dog about 6 months ago and he had digestive problems that the vet could find no cause for. He would get diarrhea with mucous in stools regularly. His stools would vary from constipated to unformed soft stool. I decided to switch him to a better quality food and did a lot of research. Newman's Own had all the qualities I was looking for, so I switched him to it gradually - 1/2 Purina One and 1/2 Newman's Own at first and gradually more Newmans' Own in the mix until finally 100% N.O. Ever since switching about six weeks ago, he has not had constipation or loose stools. I also don't hear his tummy roiling after meals like before. And despite what a few reviewers have written, the chicken and beef used in the pet food, while not "organic", is "natural" and raised without hormones and antibiotics.<br /><br />According to [...] ingredients list: "Natural Chicken - Raised without growth hormones and antibiotics and fed only a 100% natural, all-vegetable diet, the chicken meat provides amino acids essential for muscles, hormones, enzymes, antibodies and structural and protective tissues." Also, the beef is free-range anad range fed w/ no hormones & antibiotics.<br /><br />For me the evidence is clear - this is good quality food, my dog loves it and I love that when I buy Newman's Own products, the royalties go to charity!
I subscribe to the 12.5 lb bag of Advanced Dog Formula for Active or Senior Dogs - it's a great value. We have a small border collie mix and she absolutely loves this food. I feed it to her in a <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0006G54OU">Buster Food Cube Large Size (Colors May Vary)</a> and she can't wait for mealtime every day!<br /><br />We got her from the shelter where she was on Science Diet. She had a ton of skin issues (formerly had fleas, patches of bare skin, itchy dry skin, and dandruff flakes). Since we changed over to Newman's, the skin problems have almost gone away. It's been about 2 months and she has her fur growing back in the problem areas, she has less dandruff and I've noticed a lot less scratching from her in general. Our dog trainer said it was most likely due to the change in diet.<br /><br />Her BMs are solid and very regular. They are also not particularly smelly. I have never smelled any gas from her since putting her on the food. These are all signs that she is on a great diet!<br /><br />Also, I love the subscribe feature because I don't have to lug heavy bags of dog food from my car to my 3rd floor apartment!
We have a pug that suffers from chronic ear infections and skin problems.  We've consistently kept him on expensive brands that are well known for having good ingredients like California Natural, Chicken Soup for the dog lover's soul, Royal Canin, and a couple others that I can't remember off the top of my head.<br /><br />My Mom picked up this Newman's food because it was available at the grocery store.  They love the food, but what really surprises me is that his ears and skin have improved dramatically.  His stools are also much firmer and way less stinky than before.  This food seems like a real winner for us.
since we began using this several years ago our senior dogs raely need to visit the vet. When we were feeding a well know premium petstore brand  we were there at least 1 time every six weeks. they love the taste of newmans it keeps their tummy in tip top shape. NO more food alergies. No more vomiting, Made with bells & evans chicken the same chicken sold at whole foods & other organic food sellers. If its good enough for you, it's good enough for them. All Mr Newmans profits go to animal shelter and rescue organization. Give this food 12 weeks see the improvememnt yourself.
Our cocker spaniel is now nearly 10 years old, and the solid gold food I'd been feeding him suddenly changed its formulation over a year ago(with no notice on the packaging), and he became subject to unexplained stomach upsets.  After the contaminated food scare even tho Solid Gold was not recalled, I decided to switch, and this formulation is perfect for him to not gain too much weight.  Newman's own is a brand I totally trust and have bought snacks for my human baby as well for years.  After a year on this food, my dog is doing fine, but I do notice a need to supplement with fish oil for a healthier coat.  That may be age related as well.  But the stomach upsets have stopped.  And I feel better knowing I am not exposing him to additional pesticides and hormones by going mostly organic with this formula.
I switched my mini-Schauzers over to Newman's Own Organics a month ago when they came off of their puppy chow.  I've been looking for a good quality dog food (rated 4 stars by dogfoodadvisor.com) without going into debt purchasing it!  I was feeding them a different brand that was "breed-specific" food, but was having trouble trying to find it in stock anywhere.  A few places, if they carried it at all, only carried the very small bags (2.5 lbs) and with two dogs, one bag would last about 3 - 5 days.  Plus these little 2.5 lb. bags cost more than half what the larger 10 lb. bag  cost!  I tried to make an arrangement to have one of the places order the larger bag for me, but they conveniently "forgot" to place the order, so I was stuck purchasing the ridiculously more expensive small bags.  Then I heard about Newman's Own Organics, which is rated a better dog food than the "breed-specific" food I was using and cost $$$ less!  And then I discovered that I could buy this food at Amazon.com, have it shipped on a regular basis to my home with no shipping costs and a discount on the food for signing up for the subscription plan delivery - no brainer!!  No more running out of food, no more driving 50 miles or more to find it, no more hassels!<br /><br />And best and most importantly of all, my little guys LOVE IT!!  Their stools firmed up almost immediately after starting the switchover, they seem more active, more alert, more regular and they actually chew this food (they inhaled their puppy chow without chewing!)  I can't say enough good things about both Newman's Own and Amazon's subscription delivery service!
I have a dachshund.  I have fed her Newman's Own Senior Formula for the past few years.  I used to feed her Eukanuba, but then when there was that pet food scare with China, I started to investigate and found out that Eukanuba contained the same undesirable chicken parts as the cheaper dog foods.  I wasn't happy.  I contacted Newman's about whether the products in this food are sourced from the U.S. and I was told by one of their scientists that they are.  Recently, I moved and was unable to get Newman's locally, so I tried a couple other organic brands.  My dog didn't like them and she seemed to have a larger stool.  I decided to go back to Newman's and order from Amazon, who I can always count on to carry everything.  Now she's happy and so am I!  And, we're supporting a great cause, because Newman's doesn't compromise on quality and also supports charitable endeavors.  What more could you ask?<br /><br />One important thing to consider - if you have a senior dog, it is important to feed them the senior formula so they can digest the food easier.
I had been buying all sorts of super-premium, super expensive foods.  My local stores kept discontinuing them.  So I did my research and found Newman's Own Organic.<br /><br />It is certified organic with no hormones, antibiotics or chemical additives, corn or wheat.<br /><br />And my dogs love it (of course they eat anything including grass and bird food and several unfit to post on line).
This food is a vast improvement over the store bought crap. My dog's coat got softer within days, his breath stopped stinking immediately and he smells a lot better. He is more active and seems healthier and happier. No more rendering plant floor sweepings for my dog! $20 a month is a small sacrifice to make for my dog's health and well being. I honestly don't know why everyone isn't more concerned about what kind of inedible junk they put in regular store bought dog food.
One of my dogs had irritable bowel syndrome which we tried to address with food from the vet, raw food, and every kind of dog food in a pet store.  A friend told me about Newmans and how it cleared up her dog's stomach problems.  One day later - firm stools, no gas, happy dog, ecstatic dog parents!  My other dog is 10 and is often mistaken for a puppy due to her good energy and coat.  I am so glad we found this food!
I have given my dogs every expensive dog food there is, Orijin, Blu, Merrick...you name it, and even though they were good this one is the best.  No upset tummies during the switch to this dog food either.  Even my senior dog who always has loose stool now has a firm healthy stool. Plus, Newman's Own gives all their profits to charity so it really is the best as far as I'm concerned.
My foster dog, Rex, came to me severely underweight with nutrient defficiencies and digestive issues.  After a few weeks of prescription food, I phased him into Newman's Own Advanced Formula.  Not only does he love it, but he's gaining weight marvelously and digests it easily.  It was recommended by many, and has minimal to no fillers.<br /><br />Personally, I enjoy the product because as a life-long vegetarian, it was important to find a food with strict animal compassion practices, and Newman's Own apparently has those.  It's affordable as well.  Sticking with it!
This is a great dog food product - healthy, organic and great for sensitive tummies!<br /><br />Our Lhasa Apso is nine years old, is a picky eater and has a very sensitive stomach. We started feeding him Newman's Own Organics dog food about 4 years ago and are really, really satified with this product. He rarely gets sick, eats almost every meal we give him, though sometimes he makes us wait for him to finish his breakfast but that's okay! With other dog food products he would stop eating them completely or get sick frequently - even the expensive brands we tried from the animal hospital.<br /><br />At first the only place we could buy Newman's Own was from a local, privately owned pet store which was very expensive but worth it since he stopped getting sick so frequently. I was delighted to buy it on Amazon. The price for the 12.5 lb bag is slightly more than what we were paying for the 7 lb bag locally. I am a Prime member so was able to get this without paying for shipping. I will certainly order it again when we get close to running out.<br /><br />Thank you Amazon!!
My dogs love this food.  I have fed my 11 year old German Shepard and my three year old American Pit Bull Terrier for almost three years. They have thrived so well on this food, my shepard no longer has stomach problems ... both their coats are beautiful and I am completely satisfied.  When I decided to switch foods, I did alot of research on what good, healthy, mostly organic food to switch them to. I chose Newman's Own, not because I could purchase it easily at a local store .. because I can not do so, I have to order it and have it delivered, but because of the ingredients, how it is made, and because most of the proceeds go to charities. I found the best price at Amazon, and will always order it this way.  I truly recommend this dog food to everyone.
I have not tried this product personally, but my dog has, and he loves it, and is aging well. He's getting a bit grey, but is as bouncy as he ever was 10 years ago.
Have two cocker spaniels.<br />It was a challenge to find the right dog food for<br />the older one, as he would get very gassy. I tried<br />at least 5-6 different brands with no success. Then<br />another cocker spaniel owner recommended me this one.<br />NO MORE GAS!!<br />Both of them love it. Their coat is looking so much<br />shinier and healthier. And they now shed very less.<br />I would'nt feed my dogs anything else now.<br />Very highly recommended!<br />And the price and service from Amazon is unbeatable!!
Our dog has always been a little on the lazy side, and his coat has been fairly unhealthy-looking relative to other dogs we've had in the past. When he began to start smelling on top of it, we decided to change his dog food to see if perhaps his stomach was becoming upset by his current food.<br /><br />After about a week on the new food, he had noticeably more energy and his coat started to become much healthier. On top of that, the odor that he emitted started to subside until it was no longer there.<br /><br />We really didn't expect it to be so drastic. We're very happy with Newman's Own dog food.
I have three dog friends. Maggie, my 14 year old Aussie had some problems($2,000.00) worth of problems and she was so sick I thought of putting her down. As it turns out there were several issues that the Colo Springs Emergi Vet and Dr Jaime Gaynor fixed and one of them one food allergies that had caused severe problems. After trying several foods and making all my own dog food we tried Paul Newman and all was well, Maggie and her friends thrived. Well Our grocery stores did not always have it in stock and it ranged from 13 to 17 dollars for 7 pounds, also at Wal Mart is was past its expiration date and rancid. Thank you Amazon, it comes fresh!It is so reasonably priced and it gets delivered on schedule which I can change at anytime as far as amount and delivery date. I cannot thank you enough for carrying this food nor recommend it enough for other dogs.Our lives are busy, I am a nurse and anything that is dependable, easy, reasonable, comes with excellent customer service, and my friends Maggie, Lucy, and Honey stay healthy on it a gift for every day, Thank you
I was a little skeptical about switching over to this brand but I'm happy to say, my dog loves this stuff. I don't even need to add leftover meat scraps or gravy sauce like I did to his old food. This stuff is way better than the crap they sell at those chain stores. Can't beat the price with S&S! Also love that they come in smaller resealable bags which keeps the food fresh. Better to open up a brand new bag every couple weeks than to leave a huge opened bag of kibble in the pantry for months.
Prior to switching to Newman's Own Organics Dog food, my 4 year old shih-tzu was crunching on Iams. Which was fine, except that every 2-3 months or so he'd have stomach problems. After switching, his poops have been firmer, no stomach issues in sight, AND his coat has gotten glossier (and much less flaky). Duncan likes his new food and so do I!
My cocker puppy 4 mos threw up castor and poullex and Natural balance and had loose motions. SO i tried this and he did great ! even the red streaking from his eyes have almost cleared up after a month along with similasan eye drops. which is great.
I like Newman's Own for my family due to its consistent quality and good ingredients; I like have the opportunity to provide the same quality products to my animals.  Amazon makes it convenient to get multiple bags in manageable sizes that appear on my front porch according to my schedule.  I got the three four-pound bags; talk about portability and storability!
My new Yorkie came from a puppy mill. She was clean and well groomed. She was not ever in a house. When I got her home she was so scared and nervous from the strange surroundings. She would not eat or drink and had horrible watery mucous bowel movements. After a visit to the vet that showed no  parasites we put on the bland diet. I researched organic dog food and was very impressed with the reviews of this food. No one in my area, Lancaster PA. has this product. I sent for it and weaned her off the bland diet. After only two days on this food her poops are solid small and firm. I am so thankful. She is really doing well and she is a very sweet girl and looks at me with grateful brown eyes.
Dogs love the taste and I love the company. Especially convenient to have it delivered rather than me lugging it home.
We switched up from nutro chicken and rice to newmans own and chip's bowel movements are so much more dense and compact. our vet says its a sign of good food. nuff said.
My 3 dogs love this food and are thriving on it.  Ingredients are high quality and Amazon price is better than anywhere I can get it except on sale.
I have been feeding this to my Standard Poodle for quite some time. It was recommended by a local dog day care/grooming/training center called Great Dog Shoppe in Seattle. They are VERY specific about which foods they suggest and sell. It must meet certain standards of nutrition or it's no-go. My poodle loves it, but even better, I offered some to my cousin's finicky poodle who "just doesn't eat when she's away from home". She gobbled it right up and asked for more. When I compared the contents of Newman's to her brand (which was suggested by a breeder) there was NO comparison. Newman's Own is far superior. I get it via "subscribe and save" so I never run out, I save over the store price and it's delivered right to my door. What could be easier?
I used to buy this at a local health food store and then they stopped carrying it. Then I was thrilled when I found it Wal-Mart, but then they stopped stocking the dry kibble and now only carry the Newman's doggie mush in cans. So, I couldn't believe it when I found it here - Amazon really does sell just about everything! My Shih Tzus like it and they do not get sick at all like they did periodically on the non-organic but still expensive, "vet-recommended", brands.
Human-grade chicken, all organic dog food.  The food is delivered to me monthly on schedule via the Subscribe & Save program.  The profits benefit pet charities.<br />What's not to like?
Our dog LOVES this food!  He was having serious gastrointestinal problems that weren't clearing up -- until we started him on Newman's Own.  Since then, he has been regular, happy, and healthy.
I have a 10 year old Aussie shep/heeler mix with chronic skin allergies -- I tried him on every premium dog food including grain free protein only formulas -- and none helped.  Other organic dog food also make him itch miserably.  But on the Newman's Own he's stopped the itching and shedding, and he absolutely devours this stuff.  LOVE IT!!!!
I am very happy I switched from a very popular dog food, sold in a lot of vets offices to Newmans about 3 years ago after a bout of stomach distress. All has been well with my fur baby ever since ;-) And to have it brought right to my front door for cheaper than I can get it at the local store, how can you beat that?
I, like most people, switched to organic after the dog food scare and after trying a lot of different foods, settled on this one.  My dogs like it and I feel good about it feeding it to them.
The dogs had been eating Purina for a long, long time. I switched to Newman's Own and I noticed something only a dog owner would be conscious of...the waste. They no longer expel foul odorous waste, which Purina seemed to do to them regularly. Since they've been on Newman's, their waste is almost odorless and, well...it is easy to pick up. You can tell it's nutritious by what comes out, and if you have to pick up after your dog daily, like myself, you'll appreciate the cleaner output.
My goldendoodle is picky and likes to change up his food once in a while. So I decided to try two other brands....what a mistake.<br /> Newman's own is really the best: my dog looks better, feels better, and the quality of food is very good. Do not do like I did and experiment around...my poor dogs stomach....stick with Newmans.
I switched to this food from Blue Buffalo. I hate to say it, but around the time Blue started doing tv commercials the food started upsetting my dog's stomach. Perhaps that's a coincidence, but it was a reason to switch regardless of the timing. The Newman's food has been great. My dog loves the food. He has been energetic and in great health. Not much more that you could ask. The bag of treats that comes in the 12.5 lb bag is a fantastic bonus to every bag.
I rescued my dog a year ago. Ever since then, I've been feeding him Newman's. I like that the main ingredient is a form of meat and there isn't a lot of grain type of ingredients. All of the ingredients are organic, so it's really good for my dog. I've tried several other brands with my dog. But I don't think he's really allergic to anything or has a distaste for anything in particular. And since this is one of the cheaper brands out there that is still nutritious, I decided to stick to this brand. Ordering it on Amazon is very convenient because I can use the Subscribe & Save feature and set the schedule of when I want the dog food delivered. I never have to worry about running out of dog food!
I bought this for my miniature schnauzer who is about 17 pounds and I feed her a heaping cup everyday. Also sprinkled on top is glucosamine pills <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00028ZLL8">Nutramax Cosequin Regular Strength Capsules - 180 Count</a>, to help with joint health. I purchased this brand of dog food for my 7 year old mini schnauzer based on the reviews alone. She never has had any digestive problems or issues and also isn't a very picky eater so I cannot attest to these two things. Her stool is firm is easy to pick up from eating this dog food and I have not had any issues with her having diarrhea or runny stool. She has been on Newman's Own Organic dog food for about 6 months and I plan to keep feeding her this.<br /><br />If you want your dog to have a healthy and long life, you will want to feed them the best like this organic dog food. Try avoiding feeding table scraps and make sure they have plenty of exercise.<br /><br />Make sure you sign up for Subscribe and Save for that extra 15% off.<br /><br />****EDIT 04/10/2012<br /><br />Edited to say that Amazon now only has 5% off for Subscribe and Save. Also the latest bag I received also came with a full size sample bag of treats <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0045XE32E">Newman's Own Organics Lamb and Barley New Zealand Ranch Style Dog Treats, 10-Ounce (Pack of 6)</a>. It sells for $23 for 6 on Amazon!
My Chiweenie was having issues with dandruff, constipation and a dull coat. We researched different dog foods and bought Newmans Own for Active or Senior dogs. In about 3 weeks, its like having a brand new dog. He is so soft, dandruff free, having healthy 'movements' ;) and he loves the food. I can give him a piece of it as a treat and he really thinks it is, ha ha. Moral of the story, we will never go back to bargain brand. For just a little bit more our dog is healthier, softer, happier and its worth it.
My dog's love it. Made from excellent ingredients and a great price at Amazon.com. My Chihuahua has allergies and I've noticed she isn't scratching or chewing on her paws anymore.
It's all organic and it's on PETA's (People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals) list of "CRUELTY-FREE" brands.  Did you know that the leading brands of dog foods conduct horrible and cruel tests on laboratory dogs?  Plus it is delivered to my door and no shipping charge (Super Saver Shipping), and costs less than the product I used to buy, saving me time and money. Oh yeah, and my dogs love it!<br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00139TT72">Newman's Own Organics Adult Dog Food Formula, 12.5-Pound Bag</a>
I have a two-year old Jack Russell Terrier and she loves Newman's Own Dog Food! She ate Beneful for a year before switching. This goes down much easier. She doesn't each eat it "just because she's hungry"; she actually likes it! I highly recommend this product and would consider giving any dog nothing less!
My dog loves it and she doesn't scratch at her ears anymore (she used to scratch her ears all the time because she kept an ear infection!)
My two small dogs took to the food immediately so well in fact I have had to move up the subscription for the 12 pound bag. Since they are young its not immediate if they look healthier or bouncier as they seem to be that way all the time. What I have noticed is there business is allot more controlled and any problems such as regurgitation which I had in past products have gone away. If your a prime member I would suggest setting up a subscription and be rid of of the chore of last minute runs to buy dog food and also know you are giving your pets a quality tier of dog food.
This is going to be short and sweet.  My little (10&13 lbs) dogs love it, easy to eat small bits, and it's a high grade food souce for them.  What more can I say.
I have been feeding this to my 13 yr old Beagle for years.  Newman's Own is of excellent quality and it's certified organic. Also, a large portion of sales are donated to charity.
The best dog food ever for my dog. He has a sensitive stomach and not only does he love it but it totaly agrees with him.  My vet also feels it's a great product. Even my dogs teeth are cleaner since being on it.
Newman's Own has been an excellent choice for my dog. The ingredients are organic and high quality; her coat is beautifully conditioned and she has never had an allergic response as with some of the more expensive products from the vet's office. Also, she is a small dog and the kibble bits are easy for her to chew.  It was annoying that the price was reduced between the time of my order and the delivery, but Amazon made an immediate adjustment.  I like the 4-pound bags for freshness because my dog is small and takes awhile to eat that much, but there are other sizes available to suit larger dogs.
I have a 3 year old Boston Terrier who is not only a picky eater, but most dog foods give him bad gas.  I searched high and low for several months for a dog food that would help with his stomach issues and finally found another brand of dog food that, while not organic, helped relieve the gas problem.<br />After finishing a bag of the old brand, I stumbled across this on amazon one cold day and thought I'd take a chance and see if he'd like it or not.  I'm happy to report that he loves it AND it doesn't give him horrible gas at all.  His coat is shiny and healthy, as well.  The only downside I can see--like the other brand--is the price.  But being that the product is high quality and organic, I can't argue that too much.  Plus, with amazon's subscribe and save, I get it at a discount and delivered right to my front door.  You definitely can't beat that!<br />Overall, I'm very satisfied with this and will continue to purchase.
My dog loved this food and he was a very picky eater.  I felt I was giving him healthy food with no fillers.  I also loved the convinence of having it sent to the house monthly.  Not having to shop and drag a big weightly item home was great.
My dogs give this a high-five.  I've never tried it, but the list of ingredients is sound and it make their tails wag.
One of my dogs is allergic to almost everything in dog food.  Newman's Own for senior dogs makes all the difference in her health.
I bought this dog food initally because I like everything that I have tried from Newmans Products for humans. So, I thought that my Pug, Chloe may like Newmans also. Well, she sure does, there is no turning up her nose at it. I get it delivered regualry, so this negates the need to make a special trip to get Dog food.<br /><br />UPDATE 6/12/15  the last two bags I recieved had a mite in the foods which caused my dog to have severe bouts of diarrhea. I only found out today when I took her to the vet, and was informed that these intestinal bugs were usually located in the dog food. Sure enough, when I got home and looked in the dog food, guess what I cfound on the bottom of the bag, tiny mites.......it went out into the garbage containers.<br /><br />I will return to this dog food in a few months......she ahs liked it so much, but will wait for a bit.
My doogie loves it a lot, my budget howls though. I can't find it steadily at the local stores so catching it on sale is out of the question. It's great, no digestion problems and his skin, eyes and coat are much improved so I know it's good for him too.<br /><br />I've had great results with Harmony Farms Dog Food that I orderd through Amazon AND there's 5 pounds more for about the same price.
My Dog is really "Picky" when it comes to his food and I usually have to mix his old with his new for a few days "Until he will eat" his new food. I opened the bag when my Order arrived and gave my dog a taste...... He loved his new food & this is his second 15 pound bag!
I adopted a dog from rescue shelter who has an allergy to corn. I live in a small town and found no dog food that didn't contain mainly corn. This was perfect and my new pet is doing very well on it and loves it. It's an added bonus that it comes straight to my door.
My 72 lb dog has never refused to eat Newman's Own Organic.  I'm glad that there is a pet food made without 'junk' that I can feed my pet.
and I love buying it for her. Not only is it a healthy organic meal, I personally like what the Newman Foundation does with their profits (after taxes) from their products.....$265 MILLION has been donated to various charities to date by their foundation. I buy Newman's Own products whenever I can (their spaghetti sauce is out-of-this-world..."Roasted Garlic"...YUM!).<br /><br />My dog has eaten this food for years and years until, out of the blue, my local grocer decided not to sell it anymore. I then had to grab a bag of food for her because we were out completely and decided to get Beneful. Apparently, her digestive system didn't like it and she ended up with bloody stools. That's when I came to Amazon.com (a GODSEND for people like me who have lame grocery stores to shop from) and found her Newman's Own dog food! I can always depend on Amazon.com. I've now got this on auto-delivery. I trust Newman's Own products and I know my dog is getting a well-balanced organic meal and it's Melamine-free.
Newman's Own is the best dog food ever, in my opinion. My 12 year old white German Shepard eats and digests this food wonderfully. Before changing to this food a few years ago, she had digestive problems often, even though she was fed a "so called good brand name food".  My three year old pittie girl also eats this food, and loves it .. she is in perfect health. I would recommend it to anyone. My next door neighbor orders it now from Amazon for his pittie girl. Amazon is a wonderful place to purchase dog and cat food, groceries, and anything you need .. the prices are always good, and the specials are great! The specials are the best ever, and I was shocked to find out that a today "Friday" special price on Newman's Own dog food was automatically reflected in my subscribe and save item price of the Newman's Own.  Even though I just received a bag yesterday, I ordered two more today, and some Newman's Own cat food.  What other retailer would automatically do that for you .. none that I know of.  Amazon .. please continue to offer the Newman's Own dog food .. I would be lost without the delivery, since it is difficult for me to get out and shop and carry large items like bags of dog food.  Thank you for being here for me and Snowey and Sophie.<br />  Linda
I have two small dogs who have [[ASIN:B00139ZPKM Newman's Own<br />#0174;Organics Advanced Dog Chicken & Rice Formula, 12.5 Pound Bag]]  Their only treats were Cheerios.  When I switched to Newman's Own brand, I was pleasantly surprised to notice they stopped their occasional vomiting.  With all the trouble caused by lack of standards in the industry, I immediately thought "if I can't trust Paul Newman's foods, whose can I trust".  And, they love it.
My dog is allergic to most dog food.  I have used Newman's Own  dog food  for several years now and I am quite happy with it.  I live in a small town that is 60 miles away from the nearest big city and I am unable to obtain the dog food locally.  It is a real convenience for me to buy this from Amazon and the price is equitable.
I was giving my dogs Science Diet Puppy food from the time I got them at 8 weeks. Science Diet changed the formula about 3 months ago and the food just did not smell or look right. It was very oily and fishy smelling, which I realize they did at more fish oil. After about three weeks of the new food, I noticed my puppies (well now 1 year olds) skin was very flaky like dandruff and they both had been continuous licking their paws. I took them to the vet and he said they had food allergies. He wanted me to take them off the Science diet and put them on pumpkin and pinto beans for 7 weeks. Well, under duress I tried it and my dogs did not eat for 3 days. I decided to try the Newman's organic and after about 4 weeks their coat looks so much better and the licking has really decreased. I am so glad I saw this food when I was doing research.
I foolishly purchased the HARMONY FARMS Healthy & Holistic Adult Dog Food, since it had more for the same price(why it had good reviews is beyond me). My dogs will not touch the harmony farms, yet love this dog food. My 10 wk. old pup had "slimmy poop", until the day I feed her this food. Both my dogs love it.Newman's Own Organics Adult Dog Food Formula is the way to go.
We only feed our dog dry food, and it has to be good dog food. Newman brands are high quality, and I can get it delivered on a periodic basis and a fixed price thru Amazon. Ginger likes it and it keeps her healthy. I have learned over the years that this man, and his company, are highly moral and deliver fine quality products they stand behind.
My three little dogs love this food and I love it too sense it is organic and has no animal by products.
This dogfood has never been recalled, has protein as the first two ingredients, and is organic. Doesnt make my dog throw up like when she tries other dogfoods full of fat and fakeness. Cant get better!
Excellent I needed a dog food without copper as an ingredient and found Newmansbon the Internet. It has proven to be a great choice and my dog had thrived
I feel better about feeding this product to my dogs.  I was using another popular brand,<br />but it contained a lot of fillers.  One of my dogs is "pickier," so he would prefer a meatier<br />taste, but he does clean it up eventually.
Good product. Dogs are vary satified with it.  Would like to have in a larger bag(20 lbs.), if this could/would be an option.
My dog has been eating this food for the last three years.  Every food I fed him before this caused smelly gas problems.  He almost never has gas on this food.  Also, people often comment on how good he smells.  However, when he goes to grandma's and eats junk food for a week or two he always comes home smelling like a dog.  It's totally the food.  On top of that, he loves it.  Love it!
We were looking for an organic food after the melamine poisoning of pet food debacle. Newman's Own dry foods for cats and dogs are manufactured in the US per their corporate veterinarian. Newman's Own is up front about their ingredients. For an organic food it is affordable. Also it has been great at keeping skin issues under control. Lastly Newman's Own is listed as a "More Responsible Pet Food Company" on several websites.
Newman's Own Food is one of the best on the market.  It is a natural healthy food for my senior dog.
I am very pleased with this product and would definitely recommend it.  All 3 of my dogs (2 Jack Russells and 1 dachshund) enjoy Newman's Own Dog Food and I liked knowing it was organic.  The kibbles are a perfect size for easy chewing.  My dogs enjoyed Newman's Own for about 3 months but then only nibbled on it so I decided to alternate it each month with another dog food to give my dogs some variety.
Researched the company, researched the ingredients. Customer Service people are great. Sent free coupons when e-mailed with a question about which of their cat foods best for my two kitties (regular or advanced).  Received good answers and not rote replies. This food is made in the USA with products from the USA and has all the ingredients I think are good for my cats. The two of them love, love this dry food and I have to ration it or they would chow day all day. I don't leave food out for any pet, cat or dog, to eat at will. They do not like Newman's canned food however so I don't force it on them.
This gum is amazing. The flavor burst in your mouth and it also has a wonderful refreshing sensation.<br />We love it. (My husband and I.
I'm really picky about the gum I chew.  This is great and the flavor lasts a long time.  I recommend it.
This is great cheese, a little sharp yet creamy, with slight bits of crunchy. Great with a micro brew. The Merlot and Raspberry are yummy too.
My baby loves this apple sauce. He didn't like the gerber brand at all, but yummys this down right away and I like that it is organic.
Our family loves these tasty and healthy sesame honey almonds by Trader Joe's.  You get the crunchy flavor of the sesame seeds combined with the subtle sweetness of the honey and almond flavoring.  Wow--it's a great snack that you feel good while eating.  It is my favorite of Trader Joe's almond snacks.  Almonds are good for you and a handful of these in the morning with a fruit smoothie or as a snack at lunch is a great way to get protein, the healthy fat and the Vitamin E that almonds offer. It's a good idea to measure out 1/4-1/2 cup of these almonds or count the almonds out to stay in the calorie range you want to keep within. Nutritionist recommend having a small amount of almonds or walnuts each day for good fat and protein.
I lived down in Louisanna for 10 years, and Community Coffee is what you were served when you asked for a cup of coffee. Here in Iowa I can't buy the Comm. Coffee, so when I saw the ad to order through Amazon I jumped at the offer. I got 3 bags of the Hazalnut and I am in Coffee Heaven right now, Thanks Amazon.
After becoming more and more a "coffee person", I've been trying various brands and flavors in an attempt to figure out which one I prefer. I've tried other brands such as Dunkin', Kirkland, and various other store brands. I came across a great deal on a 3 pack of Community Coffee so I decided to try it. The packaging isn't the best once you open it, but I have separate air tight containers which I use (as I imagine most coffee drinkers would own).<br /><br />I prefer dark/bolder roasts, and I found that Community Coffee definitely fit the bill. My girlfriend didn't like it, claiming it was too strong, which further reinforced my belief that it was at the right level for me. I brew the coffee the traditional way (coffee pot), but also via cold brewing. I've found that the cold brewed version of Community Coffee far surpasses the traditional, heat-brewing product. I'm not quite sure if this is the case for almost all coffees, but it seems even more pronounced with Community coffee.
This coffee was good but it had a distinctive aroma and taste like buttered movie theater popcorn. I am a huge hazelnut flavored coffee fan and this was good, It just doesn't typically taste like hazelnut. You may like it but I will search for a more true hazelnut flavor. Do a test, make popcorn in the microwave and then later make the coffee and you will see the similarities.
Hazelnut coffee is my favorite and our local stores don't carry it, as we live in a very small town.  The flavor and taste of this coffee is wonderful.  I  start every day with it and often have an afternoon treat of a cup of the coffee.  I will buy again and highly recommend. Arived far earlier than I anticipated.
Awesome coffee!!! I have ordered this pack of bags twice now and getting ready to order a third. If you like dunkin donuts hazelnut, but don't like the price this is a great and inexpensive alternative.
We first discovered Community Coffee while on a visit to Lake Charles, LA. And until recently it was only available in LA or by mail.  We prefere the Hazelnut blend, it has a nice rich flavor without being overly strong.  This is very good coffee.  We like it and have a standing order with Amazon to have it shipped to us at convenient intervals.
I'm not a coffee snob, so I'm not picky about what kind of coffee I purchase. I chose this because it was cheapest by the ounce and best rated. I bought <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001EO5WO0">The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf, Hand-Roasted Hazelnut Ground Coffee, 12-Ounce Bags (Pack of 2)</a> as my first ground coffee, and I have to say, Community Coffee smells and tastes better than Coffee Bean's! This is totally personal preference though.<br /><br />This Community Coffee ground tastes much darker and smoother and it smells good.
I'm no coffee snob but this is still much better than crap you get a Starbucks (I drink black coffee so flavor really matters when its not covered by caramel and other junk). Great coffee for a great price, especially if you get it when Amazon is offering the $3 off coupon.
I don't drink Hazelnut coffee, but my wife says this is the best she has ever had and asked me to buy more for her.
We enjoy Community Coffee when we go to New Orleans. I was glad to see it available in your online store
Very pleased with this new coffee, thanx to another user comment and good review from someone recently when I was searching for a better priced coffee. Plus more importantly the price so far is still excellent; all the others are ridiculous on pricing I have noticed, increasing by $4 or $5 in some cases.  I was getting Maxwell House Hazelnut, but this coffee is much tastier; and Maxwell House has gotten way too pricey for the quality of their hazelnut after experiencing Community's bolder flavored hazelnut.  You can actually taste Hazelnut in Community Coffee.  It's a bit bolder, but I like a good cup of coffee where you can actually taste the coffee (yeah).  I do not buy or search for Maxwell House any longer, nor do I enjoy Folgers or any of the much more expensive brands as none of them compare to the rich flavor of Community Hazelnut Coffee.  I just hope that now, finally after finding a decent tasting coffee at a good price, Amazon keeps it in stock for awhile.
It is NOT the BEST, but for the money and that extra 30% off, its the BEST VALUE you can get. I am very happy with my purchase and now I can drink good coffee everyday as opposed to the crap "office" coffee or that "once-a-month" expensive coffee. After buying this, I was satisfied enough to buy another 2-pack of Cafe Special. Note: The expiration dates on my hazelnut bags are 12/2011.
I gave this a try when it was on special and I totally Love this product Iam as fussy coffee drinker this product is just a lovely as those higher priced coffee's that tend to break my bank account ..GIVE it a TRY
My husband and I both like coffee with rich flavor and good taste, but we do not like the bitter or burnt taste some coffees have.  This Community Hazelnut has excellent flavor.  We make it fairly strong and are very pleased with this coffee.
not the best coffee but it is not bad as well. we bought more after we tried the first time because for the price we've got it is fine. Godiva is still our favorite but this one is okay too.
I'd rank Toffifay as tied with Ferrero Rocher for the greatest chocolate candy ever. Sadly Toffifay is impossible to find depending on where you live. I thought ordering 24 packs would be overkill but I'm going through these things like nobody's business. At this rate I'll have to tack on an extra mile onto my daily running regimen
This candy has gotten harder and harder to find.  It was down to a couple convienence stores in my area that sold it and they stopped.  Now a year later I typed in Toffifay into Bing and up pops Amazon.  Great price for a great candy and I'm well stocked up for the next 6 months.  The hard part is not eating it all the first week!
i have been looking for this candy for over a year..... I used to enjoy this as a young kid and now its back!! all there is to say is YUMMY!
I heard my kids talking about candy they remembered from childhood and they mentioned Toffifay,so I checked Amazon to see if it was still being sold. It was,and reasonably priced.I ordered a 24 pack,and divided it among their Christmas stockings.They were really surprised and happy to find it Christmas morning.I'm glad I thought of searching Amazon!
I have been experimenting with K-cup brews for almost 2 years now.  I tried Timothy's Colombia Excelencia ONLY because it was on sale and I was still looking for THE ONE.  Well, I finally found it.  Columbia Excelencia is the best breakfast coffee I have found to date.  Rich, full-bodied, with a clean non-acrid finish.  It goes well with milk and Splenda, no odd aftertaste whatsoever.  Donut shop is my favorite over ICE, Newman's Nantucket is my favorite BOLD, Timothy's Italian goes best with dessert, and Colombia Excelencia is the first thing I drink every morning.
I have tried many different brands and flavors of K-Cup coffees and I have to say, this one is one of the best I have ever had. I would strongly recommend it. It is very hard to find so buy it if you can get it at a good price.
This coffee is bold, dark and tasty. unlike many other types that are too watery and weak this one brews nice and strong cup of coffee.
I thought this coffee was really good, but I think the next time I order, I will order something a bit stronger.
This is by far the best decaf I've ever tried. You can't brew it on the large cup setting. You have to brew it on the 8 oz setting, don't try to stretch it to the 10 oz or it will be too weak. However, when brewed at 8 oz. this is smooth, tasty and tastes like coffee. Not bitter and you can't tell it's a decaf.
I am from Colombia and I was looking for a coffee that tasted like back home. Everyday when I make coffee and the aroma is in the whole kitchen .. It feels like home and it tastes just like it. I love this coffee.
We love this medium full-flavored roast. Very smooth taste..no bitter or acidic taste, at all.Excellent coffee..good value  :)  Also, try Timothy's Kona..very good,also.
My husband has been taking this Sinus Buster tea once a day (before bedtime) for about 6 months already, he usually had a real bad sinus problem before but now it is almost completely gone. This tea is so wonderful and it really helps.  When he skipped for a few days because ran out of it then the sinus came back again. Don't want to skip it for so long anymore. Highly recommended.
I'm very happy with this-- drains my ears and sinuses quite effectively.  Works better for me than guaifenisen.
The sinus buster tea had an interesting aroma when seeping; it's taste is acquired not offense at least to say more like burnt bark or really overheated coffee. I had no drainage of my sinuses while drinking one cup of the tea the next morning I could feel relief of pressure and pain. I would prefer this product over any inhaled sinus relief agent. As a plus all the ingredients of the tea are on the package in english nothing unknown.
I found this tea by accident but it worked so well that i later ordered it,<br /><br />after not being able to find it again.  It really helps open nasal passages.<br /><br />Since starting to use it whenever I have bad nasal congestion, I have not<br /><br />had a sinus infection.  Everyone is different, but it sure worked for me.
I used it for a sinus infection where I lost my voice completely and had a sore throat. I found this product on yelp and went to an herbal Asian store in Chinatown in Phila. I only paid $2.50! the only difference is that I didn't get tea bags they were dissoluble cubes you place in the hot water. It worked great. It took a few hours to work but it worked!. The next day I had my voice back completely and no sore throat. One night I woke up from terrible post nasal drip cough, took a cup of this tea and it eliminated the cough and put me right to sleep. A must buy, its cheap and natural. You cant go wrong if you give it a try.
Its allergy season which usually means large amounts of sudafed.  I don't particularly like the side affects of sudafed and have tried tons of different decongestants.  This is the first thing other than sudafed to actually work!  I have not tried it during a sinus migraine yet but for moderate congestion it works wonders.  Smells a bit off but the taste is just fine.  Make sure to seep it for 10-15 mins or it won't work.  Give it about 10-20 mins to kick in.  Seems to last for 3-4 hrs.  No side affects that I can tell.  So glad to be rid of the racing heart side affect and dry mouth/ sore throat that comes with sudafed.  It works great paired with a sinus rinse or netty pot.
I LOVE THIS TEA , SERIOUSLY ! MY MOM AND I SUFFER VERY BAD WITH SINUS PROBLEMS AND WE HEARD ABOUT THIS TEA CALLED SINUS BUSTERS . WE JUST HAD TO SEE WHAT ALL THE TALK WAS ABOUT , YOU KNOW . IT IS A VERY GOOD TEA THAT TAKES YOUR BLUES AWAY AND MAKE YOU SLEEP GREAT . ALOHA !
I have been suffering from post nasal drip and congestion for so many years, and this tea made such a big difference after a couple of days. I drink it 1-2 times per day and I feel so much better. I can breathe easier, and have little or no post nasal drip throughout the day.
Not sure exactly what is in it, but it really helps my sinus condition.  A family member who spent time in China said it tasted like other healing herbs she had had while there.  The taste is earthy, and takes some getting used to, but it is worth it.
I am having to change my original post on this tea. My husband and I both suffer from sinus problems. I made up a big tea pot (with 2 tea bags) and let it steep for 15 minutes. I had 2 cups and my husband had one. Neither of us noticed any difference with our sinuses. A few days later I decided to try the tea again. I brewed one cup of tea with one tea bag. I let it sit again for several minutes. I guess the first time I tried it I did not make it strong enough. This time I noticed a difference as my sinuses are a little clearer.
I used to take sudafed for my stuffy nose. I tried this tea and felt relief immediately. I usually drink this tea twice a week and have not yet felt the stuffy nose. Would highly recommend.
I bought this tea based upon some research I had done into the ingredients and by reading the reviews posted here.  This tea has a wonderful flavor and smell.  I have enjoyed it very much and it helps me at bedtime with my sinus issues.  Great Stuff!
I am so please that I was able to get the tea from Amazon.  I was pleased with the service.  Sinus Buster Herbal Tea is very helpful and it gives me great relief with my allergy.<br /><br />I have been suffered with Hay Fever Allergy for the past 20 years or more.  First time I find a medication which is natural and no side affects compare to other medication for allergy.<br /><br />I discovered the tea at a farm market in PA on a bus ride with my church.  At first I was hesitated to purchase the tea, but somoeone who was in the same but I was, told me to buy the tea because she used it a year ago, and got great relief from it with her allergy.<br /><br />Thanks,<br /><br />MC
But a naturapath told me to take this, vitamin D, vitamin C, and something he mixed and I got better from a 8-month sinus issue.
We love sinus buster tea.  My husband thinks it's great and clears out his sinus' regularly.
I absolutely recommend this product to anyone who suffers from sinus headaches.  My brother had given me a couple of bags to try a few months ago. In the past I have had serious sinus headaches.  After drinking this tea, my headaches were gone and the clicking in my nostril had ceased! I was so relieved! I have recently drank this tea for a dry cough! Big mistake, it gave me a sore throat as well as other issues.  I will never drink it for the common cold symptoms!  Love this product though!
Buffalo Bills Premium Snacks<br /><br />I realize that taste is an individual thing, but I thought I'd share my thoughts on these products.<br /><br />First, customer service is excellent.  I've always gotten exactly what I ordered in a very timely manner.<br /><br />So far I've ordered the following products:<br /><br />1) Buffalo Bills 2.1lbs Mild Short Shots<br /><br />2) Buffalo Bills 2.1lbs Hot Short Shots<br /><br />The first two short shots are very similar to Slim Jim's, just not individually wrapped, I just put them in a zip lock bag and find them very convenient to munch on( about a quarter pound per bag.<br /><br />3) Buffalo Bills 1.2lb Extra Smokeys<br />These are very smokey, but a little too dry for my taste.<br /><br />4) Buffalo Bills 16oz Premium Hickory Beef Jerky Pieces (random size)<br /><br />Taste great if you are a jerky lover.<br /><br />5) Buffalo Bills 2.1lb Pepperoni  Short Shots<br />Probably the closest to Slim Jim's of all the short shots<br /><br />6) Big Buffalo Ole Smokies<br />Fatter, crisp not as crunchy as short shots, individually wrapped.<br /><br />7) Buffalo Bills 2.1lbs Honey Strung<br />O.K. taste.  My wife hates the smell.  My Brother doesn't care much for them either.<br /><br />All- in- all, I highly recommend these products (in the order listed) and this company.<br /><br />Gunner  January, 2010
Good, light taste.  Not too strong of a flavoring, and very little, if any, aftertaste.  They go down easy,...MMMmm.  Definitely happy with the purchase.
I learned about these from a co-worker after he made a bulk purhcase of several kinds of beef sticks a year ago.  He spread them around and so I got to sample a variety: I've ordered the Honey Stung four times since then. Two other co-workers have also ordered them on several occassions this past year and they're "believers" too.  Additionally, we've all ordered several of the Buffalo Bills brands and they're all superb!  As long as you don't eat the whole bag, I'd also call these "Atkins friendly" as well, as that is also a motivator for me ordering these so many times (other than them being just being great, well-seasoned snacks).  Buy 'em, you'll love 'em!
I enjoyed this product.  They are a good value for the amount you get.  I did not sense much honey in the product, so a bit more flavor would be nice.  I would buy again.
I though it was fresh, moist;  However, personally alittle to sweet for me.  I think i`ll stick with the John Wayne brand.  JW brand is more expensive but it seems to soot my taste buds better.
I was a little skeptical on ordering the teriyaki sticks version based on a couple of reviews but, I am happy I did. They were a soft stick as someone said but had a nice crunch when you bit in. The teriyaki was milder than others I have ordered and they were more smokey but they are called ole' smokeys. I did not get the greasy mouth feel that someone said and it did have a pleasant tasting after taste. All in all, worth a 4* rating... but it could be a 5 based on individual tastes.
These snacks are very different than, say, Slim Jims. They are moist and seems less processed than many of the convenience store meat snacks out there. There was a nice hint of spice laced with honey. I would say they tasted and had a texture that I might have expected in a more expensive product. I will buy them again and will recommend them to friends and family.
I bought the Buffalo Bills Teriyaki Ole' Smokies beef sticks because I absolutely LOVE beef sticks, especially teriyaki, and I thought this would be a good buy - good quantity for the price.<br /><br />The teriyaki beef sticks themselves were very tasty and flavorful. I also loved the texture, it was very soft and tender.<br /><br />The only bad thing I'd have to say about this product is that it leaves me with a very greasy, fatty residue all over the rood of my mouth, which kind of takes away from the flavor and my ability to FULLY enjoy the product. Aside from that, I may still order it again. :)
I purchased the Honey Stung Smokies and some of the reviews stated that they were mushy, I wouldn't go that far, but they are softer then most beef sticks but they still have a 'snap' to them. The taste is great, even the picky kids liked these smokies-I think we will try some of the other flavors. plus order these again.
really great snack for hiking or a baseball game....My son and I enjoy taking them when we go on a road trip to hold us over till we find a good restaurant!
Taste great, once in awhile you will come across a pocket of fat but its worth the risk. Anything from this supplier is good quality and value.
These have a good snap when you bite into them and a nice honey beef taste!<br />Choo Choo R Snacks always has excellent customer service, and they throw in a few samples as well!
I really enjoyed these beef sticks. Even though I preferred them to be a little bit harder, they were tasty. I just put them in the frig and that worked out fine. Nice flavor, not too sweet or spicy. They sure didn't last in my house!
I like this product very much. The Honey flavor makes them taste very good and they are bigger and thicker than most others I've seen. The saddlebag package is ingenious. why open and expose to the air all 100 when you only have to open half at a time. leave one half (50) completely sealed. One package of 100 thick beef sticks can sustain someone for a very long time. Use for emergency shelters,mountain climbing ,backpacking, camping, hiking, survival training, or any survival situation.theres plenty (100), so you could sustain yourself a long time if lost.Just these very light storable beefsticks and a jar of peanut butter unopened and a large jug of water in a vehicle could sustain life for a very long time at a minimum of space and weight.They appear kind of home made, unlike any beef sticks I have seen in stores before. My dogs like them also.I break off 1/2"pieces whenever they need a treat. I see nothing in the ingredients that suggest dogs can't eat them.However I want each person to evaluate this on their own not just because I say so. My 5 dogs have had pieces of them now and then and love them and havent shown any signs of being sick or having less energy. I recommend them.
I love this product and order it quite often for my big boys to take hunting. Just wish the seller would take the time and money to change the label to say Mild instead of spicy. It isnt spicy and they have at least put a sticker on the package but have not changed the discription on line so I thought I was actually purchasing spicy this time. Still a wonderful product.
Could only find at local Shell gas station......now I have a source to buy all I want!  Fast & secure delivery....price is great!  Will order again, and again, etc.,.....
These beef sticks have a great flavor and the price seems fair. There is no label stating as to where this product needs to be refrigerated.
Beef sticks and honey - what a great combination! The Ole Smokies beef sticks are full of flavor. Adding honey gives them a little twist of sweetness that just puts them over the top. The Honey Stung Ole' Smokies are always a favorite with our friends; the saddlebag pack is a perfect take-along to football parties.
This wine actually turned out really well.  I made some modifications to the kit however.  If you figure out the potential alcohol content, this kit would probably get around 7%, but by adding additional sugar at the primary fermentation, I ended up with 13%.  I also didn't use the whole f-pack.  It would have been WAY to sweet.  Instead, I topped the carboy off with an unoaked Chardonnay that I like.
I have now made a few of the Amazon wine kits. The Cornucopia are all fruity flavored sweet wines. Within a month of bottling the Pear Chablis our 30 bottles is down to 6 remaining. We have given as gifts and taken to get togethers. My only negative comment is that the starting Specific Gravity is low therefore these are lower alcohol wines. I did add a couple cups of sugar to the fermenter at the beginning...but worried that adding too much sugar would throw off the flavor of the wine. Anyway, the Pear Chablis is a nice easy drinking wine. It has an attractive label. I used clear bottles and the final product looks sharp.<br />If you are looking for straight wines that are not sweet fruit flavored wines, check out the Vino Italiano kits. These also come with corks, foils, and labels. They are a higher alcohol wine than the Cornucopia kits with a starting SG closer to 1.090.
Just bottled this wine about 2 weeks ago.  Opened the bottle yesterday, and WOW!!  I can't believe how good it is. Lots of pear flavor, and having experience with this brand, I know that when I let it sit for a couple months, it will be much better. The sweetness mellows out a little, but still is great! I have made about 6 of the Cornucopia wines, all with good results.  If you like the sweeter wines, you have to try this!
I bought this kit and I have to say that it was a hit. It was originally bought for my wife but then she decided to trade off 15 of these for 15 of the White Zin that we were making for a friends wedding. At the wedding it went quick and many people were asking me to make it for them. MY answer was here is where you buy the kit and if you want to buy it and the bottles I would be happy to make it for you. I do not have a license to sell it since this is just a hobby for me.<br /> I did add one can of white grape concentrate after the F-pack was added and that added so much more flavor.<br /> I promise that you can't go wrong with this kit if you like a sweet chardonnay.
This turned out fantastic, a little sweeter than I expecting but still great. May even consider this a dessert wine. Its nice using Cornucopia kits as they come complete with all the supplies you need, corks,labels,toppers,etc. I only use distilled water in the making of the wine, dont want to chance it with anything else. They have always turned out great. Give it a try.....The Farmwiner
This is definitely sweet, but that's how I like my wine.  No backsweetening needed!  It has a pear flavor and chilled ... well, it's my favorite.
Good kit, however using the F-pack (pear juice) made it WAY too sweet, I ordered two more and intent to blend the kits, the second two with out the added pear juice.
I would call this a summer wine-light with strong pear notes. Almost clear in color. Nice finish and a good wine for those who don't really like wine.
I bought this kit after I really enjoyed making the tropical riesling from the same manufacturer.  It was equally easy to make, but it is very peary.  I wouldn't have minded it if it was more subtle.  Still very drinkable, but I suspect that I'll be mixing it more.
This is my 6th kit I have made and as usual it is simply amazing!!! I am truly hooked on all Amazon's wine kits as they have all turned out better then I have ever imagined for the price. i couldn't be happier with the results and will continue to purchase these kits to add to my wine cellar. I am in the process of fermenting the Barolo and am eagerly anticipating the end results.
This is my third wine kit and it's going so fast I should order another.  We took samples from all three kits to a Thanksgiving get-together.  More than once, I heard, "Who's going to finish off this bottle so we can open another pear?"
6-Hour Power's ingredients are pretty much the same as its rival, 5-Hour Energy's, so obviously the effect is pretty much the same. Yet, this cost me $18 for 12 while the other cost me $8 for 2 at the nearest store.<br /><br />Great savings even if you only need these just a couple times a week.<br /><br />The taste isn't as tangy and addictive as 5-Hour Energy's berry flavor. A bit bland in comparison, but it's still nowhere close to bad.
This stuff will give you a marked energy boost. Note that every person is different.  For me, this lasted 3 hours before the crash.  (Not a sugar crash.) But my heart was pounding like it wanted to burst through my chest.<br /><br />So I only drink half at a time (like another reviewer) and it works, without the scary heart acceleration.<br /><br />It's even tasty.
The 6 hour power energy shot does just what it says.  A lot of times I only drink half the bottle to achieve the mental alertness that I look for.  It's one of the best energy shots out there when you figure in price, taste and effectiveness.
Pros: Free super saving shipping, small, juicy taste, diffrent flavors, and healthy..<br /><br />Cons: Sometimes seller only haves 12 vs 36. to order.. I like to have several packs..
Being from Greece I can say with certainty that this is an original Cretan olive oil. Its pure and full taste makes it ideal for cooking, salads and dressings. We were thrilled to find here in USA an original product deriving from our country and my wife likes to use it every time she cooks, resulting in tasty and full flavored foods. I would strongly recommend this basic component of the Mediterranean diet to anyone who want to improve his nutritional habits.
I use this olive oil for salads, dipping bread in it, hummus, and sauteing veggies and meat. Its a very high quality oil with a delicious taste! Try the oil by itself and compare to another olive oil and you'll see the difference! I've gotten my girlfriend and my mom both hooked on it. In addition, it has been great getting to know Nick who helps manage the production (as compared to what you buy in the store from a big brand)since he goes to the farmers markets here in Cincinnati and lets people sample the oil.<br /><br />I've only recently found how much better local veggies and other products at the farmers market can really taste, all for just a couple extra dollars. A bottle of olive oil lasts a long time so paying a couple extra dollars compared to buying another cheaper brand, is more than worth it!
I'm a little biased in my review, but I firmly believe that Mt. Kofinas extra virgin olive oil is the best olive oil you can buy. It has the best blend of flavor and low acidity that I've tastes anywhere. I've tastes olive oils that say they have .1 acidity levels, but then they don't taste like anything at all. I've also tastes olive oils that claim all sorts of awards that have made me have a coughing fit from their pepperiness. Here's what I think: it's all about the flavor, and Mt. Kofinas simply tastes the best. Also, since it's sources from one area, I'm not worried about any other oils being in my delicious extra virgin olive oil.<br /><br />If you want to taste some truly delicious olive oil that doesn't cost a lot, try Mt. Kofinas olive oil.
I picked up my first bottle at our local farmers' market.  We loved it so much.  So flavorful.  But sadly, there is no farmers' market in the winter.  So glad to see it on amazon.
This olive oil is great.  Tastes very good and is outstanding for use with bread, pasta, and for cooking in general.  Love the flavor.
I have a Pit Bull who is a little over a year old. To say he is food motivated is an understatement. However, with that being said he is still picky. He adores these treats and others from Darford. I do much research before I feed treats/food to my dog and I could not find any bad information on this company. I promote these treats to family/friends that have dogs and their dogs are also hooked. Good wholesome treats.
Out of all the brands of bully sticks, True Chews has to be one of me and my dog's favorites.  My favorite because they are not messy, they dont break apart as easy as some of the cheaper brands, and they do not smell!  My pup loves it because it doesn't make him sick, doesn't give him gas, and gives him hours/days of fun.  Their whole lineup is great and highly recommended if you have a puppy/dog with a sensitive tummy.  FYI My pup is currently 5 months old and is a 8lb Shihpoo.  I gave it one less mark only because they are one of the more expensive brands and that they are a tad hard to find locally.
Other pretzel-shaped beef tendon were too big for toy breed, but not this little one. I'm happy to find a USA product that is nutritional and easy to chew and digest.  Lasts a long time - give it to her for an hour a day for 4-5 days.  She likes the pretzel better than the little barbell.  Not smelly or greasy.  Also likes <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000NV83EG">Merrick Flossies Dog Treats, 50 Treats</a>, which last a long time too. I try to switch up the shape of the chew b/c I think it helps her teeth.
I was a little worried about the other reviews that said their wrappers were broken.  I wonder if they were pushing the wrappers they suggested (both suggested the same wrappers.... hmmm) However, the wrappers arrived intact.  In fact we took two packages camping and the left overs made it home without damage.  I detected no difference from the rice wrappers we buy locally at an Asian market.  Buying in bulk saved lots of $$.  There were a couple of wrappers - out of dozens -that had a few tiny air bubble holes in them.  It didn't affect the taste or function.  That is the reason for 4 stars instead of 5.  We weren't wrapping anything that was really drippy so it wasn't a problem.  We will definitely order again.  Shipping was rapid.  A great buying experience.
These are beautiful, smooth spring roll wrappers and on the package label there is a sticker on each one that reads, "New technology", so, I'm figuring by the bad reviews that this company changed the way they manufacture their spring roll wrappers and have probably upped their quality control as well. I was nervous about ordering these by the bad reviews but I'm glad I took a chance because these are a bargain compared to some of the other brands.<br /><br />Will definitely order these again!
I'm not the best cook, but I like to try new things to make my diet healthier.  I confess that I LOVE ramen noodles, and this product helps me cut the salt content.  The flavor packet that comes in Ramen noodles usually has between 600-900 grams of sodium per serving (2 servings in the packet...I eat the whole thing, so that's a LOT of salt.  This Miso contains 880 grams sodium per tablespoon.  I add a table spoon to my ramen, then just a light sprinkle of original flavor packet, cutting the salt almost in half, while still adding a nice savory flavor.  I also add a handful of frozen peas, but I like to keep it simple.  I'm sure there are many other recipes and uses to be found out there, so enjoy!
We are regular customers for the delicious coffee and purchase the decafe French Roast also. It makes a single fresh cup at a time in our Flavia Coffee maker
In my area one cannot find Cinnamon Mentos.  I am so happy I was able to find this flavor.  I just love this product.
This product is my wife's favorite.  Kids love it too.  Would suggest it if you like cinnamon.  I would buy this again
This is really good green tea without bitterness or the orange discoloration which is a sign of "old" green tea. Stay away from the big brands like Lipton, Twinnings, and Bigelow. They do well with black tea but not green.<br /><br />For green tea go with this, Uncle Lee's, or Tazo. You'll never be able to go back to the others, which will taste like swill from a polluted river.<br /><br />This is real green tea. And it's not expensive. Recommended.<br /><br />Sincerely,<br /><br />Rusk Reeder
Dynasty brand green tea is the best green tea I've ever tasted.  It never tastes stale, unlike brands I've bought in grocery stores.  This is because each tea bag is packed in a sealed envelope with a metallic lining.  The metal apparently keeps out moisture.
They are awesome to snack on.  They have a little kick to them but that's the best part.  They help me with my cravings for sweets.
Reed's Crystallized Ginger is the real deal! It's natural and basically just ginger with sugar. 1 piece takes care of my candy cravings and aids my digestion of lunch etc.
Try these first for all your seafood soups and stews.  They're just amazing. The flavor enhances all your seafood and just makes it wonderful.  Plus, these are great just to snack on out of the bag.  Kids love them!  We use them for chilis, soups, and recipes as well.  Highly recommend!
If you are on the paleo/caveman/primal/hunter-gatherer diet, YOU WILL ADORE THESE COOKIES!<br />otherwise stay away, your taste buds aren't attuned to the uniquely sweet NATURAL cookies. End of story Paleo PURCHASE, SAD (standard American diet) skip it
These taste very good, but aren't like the BEST things ever either. In order of my preference (gross to good) with explanation: The "rainforest" flavor one is my least favorites (I don't recommend this particular flavor). has a weird cayenne pepper aftertaste to it (don't get me wrong, I love cayenne, but not in a cookie!).... The "tropical" one tastes as if corn bread was turned into a cookie version (not a bad taste. Really good, actually!)... the "Original" is very great. I forgot the taste though, but I remember liking it..... "Alpine", in my opinion, is the best - it tastes like a European type of christmas cookie. it has a chocolaty (carob) taste to it, but not overly-sweet.
I love these cookies. I am on the paleo diet right now and these cookies are what I look forward too. I do like the taste of the tropical one the best. They all have different taste but if you want something that is grain free and gluten free then this is the right place. I expected the taste to be different and it is. Other reviewers seem to expect them to taste like oreos or chips ahoy. Of course not.<br /><br />When I eat them, I don't even feel bad about it because my body welcomes them. They don't make me crash either and feel like I ate junk food. It is a good indicator that these were made from all natural ingredients. I wish I had these cookies close to me. I'd buy them every single day!
I thought I'd try the multi-pack to see which flavor I liked the best, but I like them all. They are healthy, fulfilling, and all good ingredients I can actually pronounce. These are the smaller packs, and now I can proceed to ordering the larger bags. Love these cookies!
i just started the paleo diet and i love it! lost 4 lbs in like a week! anyway i was so glad to find out there are paleo cookies out there and thank goddess they're good!! i loved the original and when they sent me them i got a sample of tropical and i loved that too! so i ordered the tropical and got a sample of rainforest! at first they're good but if you read the ingredients u'll see there is cayenne pepper in it and im really sensitive to hot spices and i could SOOO feel it on my tong! it was like an after taste. but if u enjoy a little fire with ur sweet u'll like rainforest flavor! really wanna try the alpine flavored ones they're a lot darker in color so it should be interesting :) good job caveman bakery! I LOVE YOU!
I bought a 40 sampler pack from the caveman bakery website. It's not exactly like a cookie consistency however the texture and chewiness of the cookie I like. They kind of remind me of like those natural nut and fruit bars, like kind or something. Of the ones I've tried, Alpine and Tropical are my favorites mainly because alpine has hazelnut and tropical has a coconut taste in it. The least favorite that I've tried is either the rainforest, it has a strong taste of ginger and I'm not a fan of ginger. The other ones are pretty good too. However, I didn't realize that these cookies were so small, but I guess based on the big portions of today's society, this is a normal portion.<br /><br />Overall its good, would I buy again? Maybe if I was on a strict gluten-free diet.
With all of the choices of things to drink, this is an excellent one. It tastes great. Most of our choices are either loaded with sugar, or carbonated ... even milk is sugar-dense. This drink is good for blood pressure and cholesterol. It is an excellent thirst-quencher. So much better for the hot summer months than sugary lemonade! It does, however acidify the pH. I am supposed to be alkalizing my diet, so I can't drink a lot of this. :(<br /><br />From the time I was a small child, my mother was an advocate of apple cider vinegar and honey for health. Hippocrates would have been happy to discover Bragg Organic Apple Cider Vinegar All Natural Drink: Concord Grape Acai :))) Try it and drink to good health!
This may not be the best tasting thing I have ever drank but man do I feel instant results after drinking some. I would best describe the effects as very close to the good feeling you experience when you drink coffee. I notice that my circulation feels fantastic like my whole body is warm, a very healthy dose of energy and I dont notice any jitteryness like coffee or energy drinks give you.  The only reason I didnt rate it 5 start is because a 16oz bottle is $3.00 which I think is a little steep. But for the great feeling I get when I drink some I would highly recommend it to anyone else who wants to feel a boost of energy as well as a general sense of well being.
Let me preface this by saying I purchased it at a local health food store for about a dollar less. I was pleasantly surprised with this drink. It tastes great, but definitely a little tangy. What I loved about this was how great I felt after drinking it. I felt awake and focused, and just overall really good. I will definitely be buying more.
I bought this drink locally and I have to tell you, they got it 'just right'. If you are like me and you like the flavor of vinegar, this drink will not disappoint, if you also like the flavor of grape. The mixture was done perfectly, No stinging taste, it's sort of mellow, yet has that flavor of vinegar you are looking for. I am highly impressed with it. I went back today and bought 5 more bottle of it at the local Co-op. Braggs is a highly regarded apple cider vinegar, so, to have that kind of base to start with means alot. I can pretty much promise you, that you will 'not' be disappointed if you buy it. They have a couple other flavors, which I will eventually try, but this one has me hooked. hehe )
This is the best ever.  Just add HOT water and mix.  Yummy with anything can even add to cream sauces and soups.  Add some sausage and you are in Heaven.  Yummy Yum.  Cannot go wrong ordering this product.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000KOUM68">Pioneer Brand Gravy Mix, Country, 2.75-Ounce Packets (Pack of 24)</a><br /><br />I had this gravy  at the Breakfast Buffet in the motel in Branson, MO.<br />Very Good!!! The waitress told me the name, so I looked it up on the Internet and found it at Amazon.  I give it the Excellent Rating
We use these for our daughter for a few reasons. One, they are healthier than other cereal bars on the market (whole grain). Two, they have yogurt incorporated into the bar. Three, the are thick and do not easily crumble. Since our daughter starting eating them when she was about 1, not having to clean up after she's eaten them is a BIG plus.<br /><br />Plus, they are super yummy for adults too.<br /><br />They are more expensive than others on the market (esp since I can get Nutrigrain bars in bulk at a discount) but they are worth it. Makes our life easier and they don't have a ton of added sugars!
These are really excellent breakfast bars. Note to the previous reviewer: the Nutrigrain bars, last I checked, had artificial color in them. These don't. They also taste very good. This is our third order through Amazon (great price) and my daughter misses them when we're out.
The flavor of the fruit enclosed is outstanding(bluberry) and if there is  a drawback it is that the blanket that encloses the fruit is a bit thick (unlike this companys fig bars) and pastry textured.Flavored with cane  syrup(not fruit juice).150 cal per bar,and low in fat and the carbs(29) not too bad considering the great taste.
I keep a box of these in my desk at work.  They make a wonderful snack or are great if I didn't have time for breakfast.
my boys have been eating these for over 3 years now. Recently the box has been redesigned. I like it and it's much easier to open now. It used to have sharp edges and made it easy to get paper cuts. It seems the recipe has changed for the bar. it's softer than what it used to be. The boys still like it. They eat only this all day long if I let them.
Whole family likes these.  Tasty but not over sweet.  Much more healthy for you than most bars.  Excellentprice through Amazon on the repeating order subscription.
My son has been eating these for the last two years and loves them.  I love them because they have yogurt in them, and for a picky eater provides some good nutrition.  Wish they were organic, but we can't have them all.  Much healthier than Nutragrain.
Good product! good price  fast shipping . needs an insert in lid to seal container better!
I couldn't find this product in the store.  I love the size and the price was just right.  Love the promptness of the delivery.
As an avid rice cracker fan, I've tried a lot of different varieties, and this is the best as far as taste and availability goes. Obviously some of the best are in the Japanese grocery stores, but at least in my case, they're out of the way most of the time.<br /><br />The crackers themselves are savory and crunchy--exactly what I look for in this snack (and this particular mix is nothing but crackers!).<br />Thanks to these, I've stopped trying out the regular grocery store imitations.
Our Corgi loves all sizes, shapes, and flavors of Dingo Bone treats!  The other reviewer commented on the VENDOR; we've never got a bad Dingo yet!  Highly recommended!
I recommand this product. My childrens (5 and 3) love it, pouches as very usefull especially for breaks.<br />To choose. Enjoy
I've tried many different brands of Virginia peanuts but these are far and away the best. I've turned my entire family on to this brand and they've ordered them also. They're superb.
First of all, there are two kinds of paprika - sweet and hot.  Both are delicious but the Szeged sweet paprika is more versatile than the hot kind (which is also awesome!). I have been using this spice for years and the Hungarian type is consistently better than any other type/brand.  Use this on meat, veggies, cassaroles, salad, baked bries, quiches, egg dishes, shrimp, pretty much anything.  I use this in soup all winter long, especially with gulyas levas (this is a traditional Hungarian soup though it is often confused with goulash) and czipetke.<br /><br />This product is the large restaurant size, which is the only size to have if you do any amount of cooking because once you try this you will love it's versatility!!!!
I was so pleased with this purchase. A great value since I got them on a monthly sale!! I love to have these on hand for they come into play so nicely in so many recipes. Always a joy to have a good "crunch" in some recipes. One of my favorite ways to use this larger can is to wrap a piece of bacon around them and secure with a toothpick. Then I dip them in a Apricot Ginger marinade and put in the oven until the bacon is crisp. My family loves an appetizer dinner once in a while and this is one of their favorites. Be mindful that this is a larger can so have a couple of recipes in mind for them when opening, although they do stay fresh in the frig for a while.
Not only is the sweetener great in coffee or ice tea it makes a slammin skinny margarita.  Also try their Agava Simple Syrup - LOVE IT
I adore using this very vanilla bean paste ESPECIALLY for my cream pies and ice cream. Why, it's like adding a "touch of heaven", but without any of the bother of scraping out vanilla bean pods. The flavor is also better to my liking too than vanilla beans. The price is WAY, way better too and it's stores fabulously on the shelf for ages!<br /><br />For combined shipping, be sure to get their SWEET DOUGH FLAVORING and POWDERED VANILLA too. You'll be glad you did!<br /><br />For more cooking tips & techniques... google my name SharonAnne.
Enfamil Premium Lipil Formula is the same as the previous flagship Mead Johnson formula--Enfamil Lipil--except that it has "prebiotics" added in.  Our son was on Enfamil Lipil from September 2007-September 2008.  He was breastfed and formula fed during this time.  Our daughter, who is due in January 2010, will also be breastfed and formula fed for her first year of life.  We tried two other formulas with our son--Similac Advance and Parent's Choice.  The Similac was fine but clumped badly.  During the time we experimented with the Parent's Choice formula, my son was consistently troubled by colds and the flu.  I think the Parent's Choice formula lowered his immunity somehow and will never use it again.  I believe that Mead Johnson's decision to use prebiotics is a good one.  Our son had colic/acid reflux in part because his digestive system was not yet populated with the good bacteria for breaking down milk proteins.  He was a lot more comfortable after we started putting a little Culturelle (a probiotic) in his formula in the evening.  And since a lot of our immune system is in our digestive tract, he had fewer sick days after introducing the Culturelle.  Probiotics and prebiotics will also help infants rebound from the negative effects of antibiotics like amoxicillin quicker.<br /><br />Regarding the bpa found in formula can liners, I talked to an Enfamil customer service representative who told me that Mead Johnson now uses cans that are lined with a "modified polyester" that is bpa free.  Similac Advance Earlyshield comes in a bpa-free can also (the SimplePac container).<br /><br />Another concern parents have is the cost of formula.  Name brand formulas are expensive!  But if you think about it, you are feeding a human being for about $15 a week (a can usually lasts us 1.5 to 2 weeks).  $15 a week is peanuts compared to what a hungry teenager devours!  And with name brand formulas you are getting the absolute best product available--Bill Gates couldn't buy a better formula than what's on the shelves at Target or Wal-mart.<br /><br />If you are a new parent and feel overwhelmed by the infant formula section of your grocery store (as I was in September 2007), I suggest starting with the flagship formula of either Mead Johnson (Enfamil Premium Lipil), Abbott Laboratories (Similac Advance Earlyshield), or Nestle (Good Start Gentle Plus or Good Start Protect Plus).  They are all excellent infant formulas.  You just have to see what works for you and your baby.
I wish I found the plastic refill packs instead of 6 giant metaL cans - seems like a lot of wasted packaging.  I just didn't know to look for them until much later.  But, its much cheaper from amazon than the gocery store.  Probably about the same price as costco but no tax here and super convenient. And, the formula mixes well, my kid loves it and (most importantly) his poops seem normal...not nasty formula poops if you know what I mean!
Alot of moms like me like this item because our babies have no constapation on it i love it very much.
no gas for baby, no extra bubbles when you shake it in warm or cold water, mixes perfectly without much time... this is easy.  my kid was happy swapping from breast milk to this with no hesitation when my milk dried up at 6mths.
We had to move to formula when our baby was 8 weeks. We have found Enfamil Premium to mix easier than the regular Enfamil Lipil. Our baby has had no digestive issues from the formula. I love getting it in bulk from Amazon as it saves the weekly trip to the store for formula. The price (with free shipping) is comparable with local grocery stores in the Austin Area.
Our Baby loves it. And Amazon is very reliable and fast free super saver shipping is always a good deal. Thanks amazon.
I read other reviews before buying and they are not encoraging.. But still for some reasons, I got  to buy (to use my amazon gift card).  But then I am very happy with the purchase. Delivery is prompt. Quantity is correct . Over all a few bucks savings than you buy at a retail shop.
Have tried a few different peanut brittle's from Amazon and this is by far the best. It is LOADED with peanuts plus being in a sealed tin makes it seem fresher wit minimal breakage.
I have been buying  new Morning Graham Crackers since February of 2010. Never had a Problem with damage of the crackers in shipping .<br />Why Did Amazon Remove the Graham Crackers From Subscribe and Save?????  Why Did Amazon Remove The Graham Crackers From Prime ???The Crackers are a much Higher Price From a Third Party Seller. I will Purchase the Crackers From Whole Foods . Not Fair of Amazon to Take Away the Connivence of Ordering a Case
My husband has to limit the amount of sugar he takes in and these contain no sugar, and they taste great!
I rarely want to eat much when I first arise in the morning; but I do have coffee.  I've found that these cinnamon graham crackers work great for me as a little something to eat along with my coffee.  They are graham crackers - not anything super-duper amazing - but they are nice, cinnamony graham crackers that are organic.
My children will only eat healthy products, and they love these graham crackers.  I am so glad that they are available through Amazon!
These are very good, they were a great price and fast-free shipping when you purchase enough food.  The only thing is that the box was smaller than I guessed it would be.
I was quite surprised to find that Sociables were available thru Amazon. I cannot find them in the local supermarkets and thought I would have to give them up.<br />They arrived quickly, in great condition, and we now are on regular shipments of them.
Wow I heard of this candy but could never find it, now I am hooked. Now I don't have to suck on child lemons with salt, just shakey shakey.
I absolutely love these! Seven of these sweet, very thin Graham Crisps are only 60 calories, but it's easy to eat a lot of them and there are almost 80 in the package. Delicious by themselves; wonderful with ice cream. If they are purchased using Amazon's Add-on Program there is no shipping charge.<br /><br />UPDATE:  I've seen mixed reviews of this company's products. The items I've purchased have not been stale or strange smelling.
I love the 34 degree cracked peppercorn, wheat, and other varieties so I thought I would try the caramel, cinnamon, and graham as an alternative to cookies or regular graham crackers. True - you can have a lot of these crackers for little calories/carbs, but the flavor is bland. In terms of satisfaction, they don't quite cut it for me as a snack unless I put peanut butter or something on them. They would probably be good as part of a fruit and cheese dessert platter, along with some peanut butter, fruit spread, honey, or cream cheese.
This soup is good. I really love this brand of soups..my favorite being the Chicken and Dumplings. Healthy Choice isn't always the best brand when it comes to frozen meals but for some reason they really knocked it out of the park with their soups. I love them, they taste homemade and amazingly better than Campbell's or Progresso. I recommend this, the Chicken and Dumplings, the Split Pea and Ham...in fact, every variety I've tried has been delicious. You can't really go wrong with this.
First, I agree with J. Bishop's (Houston, TX) review.<br /><br />This is not only the best flavor of the Healthy Choice soup line, it is clearly among the best canned soup flavors of all time.<br /><br />Healthy Choice is the only brand of canned soup I buy on any regular basis.  It's the only brand that has never used MSG--a sure sign that a recipe lacks imagination (not too mention sodium issues).<br /><br />I really wish I could buy quantities of this in the microwave packaging (hard to find in stores)... a lifetime supply would do nicely.
First off, there is a difference when you drink something out of box versus glass. A big difference.<br /><br />I was strolling in my local health food store and saw that this product was being packaged in a bottle. I snatched that sucker off the shelf faster than you could blink.<br /><br />I had tried this brand visiting a bigger city over a year ago. Only to find out when I got home that they didn't sell the canned version at my store. I was so bummed but not up for ordering cases of this stuff online.<br /><br />I have tried the other brands. This is by far the best. It could be because it's in a glass. I'm not a high end taste tester but I just know there is a big difference. And this stuff is like wine...best served when chilled. So being in a glass bottle makes all the difference in the world. Guess you could make that analogy of boxed wined versus bottled. I'll always take bottle over boxed even if the box is more bang for your buck. I'm a foodie. I love savoring food and beverage.<br /><br />A lot of people are mentioning it's over priced. Compared to what? And if you notice it's not Amazon selling it, it's a distributor using Amazon as a portal to advertise and sell it. The free shipping is really put into the cost of the price of a case. They could reduce the price but then it would probably say $10-$15.00 for shipping. It really would not make a difference.<br /><br />But I'm happy it's at my local health food store. I'm not ready to buy this by the case. Woohoo. Thanks, Taste Nirvana. This really is "Happiness in a bottle." Go get your own. I'm not sharing ;)
This brand is a little hard to find in stores as i don't think it's carried by any of the major supermarket chains. I discovered it at Au Bon Pain and noticed that unlike other brands I've tried, this one is not from concentrate and has nothing added, it's just pure unadultered coconut water, so the quality can't get much better. The other thing i really like about it is that it's a glass container rather than paper or plastic, so the taste is not compromised. These things alone are worth 5 stars to me but there are a couple things I would suggest to make it even better. First, this isn't really pulp the way you would think of it from you experience with fruit juices where there's pulverized, very small, drinkable pieces floating in the liquid; these are chunks of diced coconut that you have to chew up while drinking. To me, this would be fine if they were all the soft flesh you'd expect from a young cocunut but many of the pieces are harder which is unpleasant in a drink. Second, 9.5 ounces doesn't go a long way, I'd like to see it bumped up to at least a 12oz, I'd then feel like I'm getting an adequate amount for my money and it would last longer and quench better.
If you like coconut water, then you will love Taste Nirvana!!! It has bits of coconut in it. Not just a few, it has a lot of little bits.
this is great coconut water and there is no added sugar. its all natural and they use ripe coconut not young coconut.
Pretty close to the taste of a freshly opened coconut.  I'd like to know more about the process for obtaining this water to understand what the "natural coconut water" means.  The tasty juicy bits of pulp in the product add an extra complexity and make this a very refreshing beverage.  The fresh coconut is jelly like and not so pulpy, but it's still tasty.
As far as taste goes, this is the best coconut water I've tasted. I have not tried all the other brands, so I am only comparing this to coconut water ordered at restaurants (which I think is usually sweetened, so it really isn't a fair comparison), Vitacoco, and Amy and Brian's. Vitacoco uses Brazilian coconuts while Taste Nirvana and Amy and Brian's use Thai coconuts. It seems like Taste Nirvana and Amy and Brian's are naturally sweeter than Vitacoco, with Taste Nirvana being the sweetest. This is a good sweet though, since all of these three brands have no sugars added. While I've liked all the coconut water I've tasted, Vitacoco can have a slightly more salty and less sweet taste, while Taste Nirvana has an amazing taste with just the right amount of sweetness. I liked the pulp as well, although some of the pieces seem to be from more mature coconuts rather than the young almost gelatin pulps I'm used to at some restaurants.<br /><br />The only reason I took a star off is due to the price. These 9.5 oz bottles are not the most economical way to buy Taste Nirvana. In fact, at the current price this costs as much as I paid at the coffee shop for individual bottles. For the best bargain on this brand, buy <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004OW342G">Taste Nirvana Real Coconut Water With Pulp, 16.2-Ounce (Pack of 12)</a>.<br /><br />I wanted to try this brand because a lot of people say Taste Nirvana or Amy and Brian's taste the best, and I'd have to give my vote to Taste Nirvana. Hopefully some day I will taste a fresh coconut and maybe that will get my vote, but if you're like me and don't have any coconut trees nearby, try this out. Enjoy!
This is my favorite coconut water! Having traveled in Asia and being able to get someone to climb a tree to harvest a coconut and then open it with a machete, nothing I found in the store came close... until I found Taste Nirvana. The other brands are mostly from Brazilian coconuts, whereas this brand uses Thailand coconuts and it makes a difference.  Truly happiness in a bottle. It's a little pricey, but I can't get enough!
I had coconut trees growing in my backyard in Southeast Asia, and enjoyed drinking coconut water right from the coconut itself. Taste Nirvana Real Coconut Water with Pulp is the closest to the real thing that I've found.
IMHO. There is simply not a better beverage on Earth. Since I need to add  some more words see prior sentence.
This will ruin supermarket mustard for you. High quality and just the right amount of bite so it allows the food to shine through.
I have tasted one too many different mustards which claim to be spicy, but fall short.  This spreads easy and is neither too thick, nor too thin.  It actually does have enough heat to taste, without being excessive.  This mustard would make a great addition to any sauces, marinades, salad dressings, or just for dipping!  I would recommend this product, for anyone who is looking for a mustard with some true heat.
A very tasty little cake. The cake was surprisingly moist, and the caramel rum sauce was very sweet but not too overpowering. We'll definitely be buying this product again.
The cake was a little smaller than I thought, but it was delicious.  My husband and I enjoyed it so much, we are ordering more for Christmas!
This tea actually tastes the way a rose smells.  It's like sipping on roses when you drink it.  I'm glad it can be purchased on Amazon because I looked in every regular food store as well as the more unusual stores, like Trader Joes, that carry unusual food items and could not find it.
Great sauce! Used in many Jamaican restaurants to help with the heat of the jerk seasoning. Most use Walkerwood jerk seasoning to make the jerk and pour this on later on the jerk or the rice.
Received order within 7 business days.  The product received did not have the same label as pictured though the wording was the same.  Also the product did not have the same flavor as the product pictured (which we had bought previously locally).  I suppose the manufacturer has not only changed the label for this product, but also the recipe.  The distributor provided excellent service and we have decided to keep the sauce we received, just have to make our own modifications for our grilled vegetable recipe we have used in the past.  Thanks for another great distributor for the products we like.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001EO5ZFQ">World Harbors Jamican Style Jerk Sauce, 16-Ounce Bottle, (Pack of 6)</a>
I LOVE this sauce! It is sweet and molasses-y, with a tiny kick of heat.  I use it to make Hawaiian chicken or pork all the time.  I've never had authentic Jamaican jerk, so I can't vouch for accuracy there, but my whole family loves this one :D
I love this sauce! I used to get it at my local grocery store, but they've stopped selling it. I just ordered a six pack and it's going to last a good long while. Most people I know that have tried this don't like it, but I find the taste sweet and kind of zippy at the same time. I have been trying to find a substitute for months! I'm so glad I found this on Amazon! :)
We used to buy this sauce at our local grocery store which closed in September.  Luckily, we were able to find it at Amazon.  You do have to buy a 6-pack but the expiration date is March 2012.  Habanero Peppers give it a kick even though it has no onions.  I'm allergic to onions so this is a welcome product.  Very hard to find any good sauce with no onions.
This sauce has just the right combination of sweet, spicy and mild heat that is perfect for using with a family.  The spicy isn't overpowered with allspice, the way some other brands are.  Baste this on grilled pineapple for Jerk Turkey Burgers and you'll be in love too!  My only trouble is finding it in our small town stores... have had to go to the internet, but it's worth it.
It's not great plain, but it's wonderful mixed with other herbs.  It can be a little bland if you don't put anything but the rosehips in the infuser.  Hibiscus goes great with it, though.  It's a great tea for children because it's mild and fruity, for adults add it to something else.<br />Also, you can eat the rosehips after they've been brewed, sounds weird but they are great, they taste a little bit like an apple and have lots of vitamin C.  Watch out for the pith (that's the best word I can think of for the little hairlike thorns that surround the seeds), though, if you decide to eat the hips.  Every once in a while you find one that hasn't been de-pithed properly, hence you need to avoid the pith if you eat the brewed hips.
These cloves are very finely ground and extremely pungent. I use them in cooking, I let a small amount soak in coconut oil and use it for massage oil, and also mix it straight into beeswax for candles. It works well on all counts. I am very satisfied and will be reordering when needed.
This mix is probably not something you would want to use everyday.  Its just new enough and different enough to be something special to add to your summertime recipe's.  When you want to reward yourself with something fun and fruity, this can fill the bill quickly and easily.  It has no aftertaste so often associated with diet drinks.  I highly recommend it.
When I opened the package, I expect the same old tasting Beef Jerky but my taste buds surprised me.  This beef jerky tastes amazing! I've been buying products from Amazon.com for years was really inspired to leave any feedback but as soon as I tasted this Beef Jerky, I wanted everyone to know.  I just ordered 5 more :)<br /><br />- Baba Ali
this is the best halal beef jerky i have ever tasted. also the company truly gives an Orthodox Muslim a good choice in buying because when you call them to ask about their slaughtering process they quickly give you the answer unlike other Muslim company's who try do deceive the consumer.
I am not Muslim, but was interested in this jerky because of its low carb content compared to some other brands of "sweet" jerky out there.  It has a slightly sweet taste and great flavor (spicy...but NOT hot)!  It is easy to chew and doesn't leave your fingers sticky. I wish it came in more economical sizes (6, 9, or 12 oz sizes), but that doesn't seem to be the case.  It's a great jerky and might just be addictive, which probably makes the 3 ounces bag size a good choice...after the first 3 ounces you HAVE TO STOP (at least long enough to open another bag)!!!
Well, after trying a lot of brands, this is probably the best beef jerky I ever tasted!
Great product and it tastes great.  I keep a bag in my drawer at work in case I get hungry and its great to eat to keep my protein count high since I'm working out.
Never had jerky before because I've never seen a Halal version. Was a little apprehensive at first but found it highly addictive. Went through a whole bag in one sitting. I recommend all my curious Muslim brothers and sisters to try it.
amazing taste, incredible quality. This is the best beef jerky I have ever had. I think it's even better than the other non-halal ones. This beef jerky made me leave my first review ever on amazon though I'm a regular costumer of theirs. Thumbs up!
I don't eat chips often, but when I do, these are some of my favorites. They have all the flavor and texture of traditional tortilla chips, but it is the subtle lime flavoring that makes them special. The lime flavoring appears to be a seasoning that has been dusted on. Some chips seem to have barely any flavor and I find myself looking for those with the most. Still, none of them have quite enough for my tastes. I wish that these chips had more that just a "hint" of lime.
Product arrived on time, nicely packaged and gift wrapped, the treats were all quality and very good.  Nice keepsake box.
I got these for my mom who is always sucking on a cough drop. These are gummi and are minty like a cough drop, she really likes them. A unique gummi creation.
This oil is wonderful. I've had almond oil that was so strong it overwhelmed what I was using it for (salad, cooking).  I loved the flavor of this oil and will be buying more.
As someone who goes through lots of thyme (I use it in everything except cereal), I was pleasantly surprised to see this product on Amazon at a very reasonable price. Looks, smells and tastes just like any other thyme but you can not beat not running to the grocery store and paying about 5-10x more for a tiny bottle which would last maybe 2 weeks in my house :).
Good product and reasonable price compared with local store. For people who use it everyday, it's a great deal... I would recommend it to everyone who loves thyme flavor.
I have purchased several herbs from Frontier which have been of good quality.  Thyme leaf is always one of the most difficult to purchase due to the likely chance of recieving more stem than leaf.  This thyme leaf purchase was of average to good quality.  I did have about 30-70%, stem to leaf cut in the package, so I was satified with the selection.  When I dry my own thyme leaf, I usually do about the same or a little less stem to leaf ratio for cooking use.  Stem of the thyme leaf are just as favorable as the leaf and can be used to cook with successfully.
I was reading a news story about how lab research suggest a thyme tincture to be one of the most effective ways to fight acne (better than a prescription). I got 5 quart jars (this amount is perfect for that many), 2 cheap bottles of vodka (80 proof) filled each jar half way with thyme then topped it off with the vodka. I'm still letting it sit (it takes six weeks) before it will be complete. where I will then have to get cheese cloth and separate the thyme from the liquid and do a test run. I'll update with results mid-may
I use a lot of various spices in my cooking and wanted to find a source with a quality product at a reasonable price.  Frontier met that discription.
This is the best olive oil not for cooking as any olive oil will work the flavor and aroma is fantastic Brings you to Italy Use on salads breads for dipping.
this item came exactly as described and shipped on time which is very important for Christmas!!  Thanks for a reliable, easy shopping experience.
I brought some of this back from a trip to Jamaica and wished I had bought it by the gallon.  It is very hard to find but WELL worth ordering in bulk!  It is a sweet but spicy sauce that takes me back to Jamaica with every taste.  I have attempted to duplicate it many times but can't seem to get it right.  I am ecstatic to finally have found a source.
I bought this on a whim and wow do I consider myself lucky.  It was a shot in the dark, but this turned out to be one of the best hot sauces I have ever tasted.  Not only has some good spicy heat, but excellent flavor as well.  It's an unexpected mix of heat with a hint of sweet, and a very robust mix of spices.  One thing I really love about it is that it flavors whatever you put it on, but does not overwhelm it.  The heat is hot for sure, but doesn't linger for very long.  The flavor is very original.  I went back to Amazon and bought a whole case of it.
I love jerk cooking, and this is the perfect jerk sauce to put over a freshly cooked piece of jerk chicken, pork, goat or beef. Each bottle does not last long at our house.
Pamela's makes an awesome, delicious, easy to use wheatfree baking mix.  The 25 lb bag is clearly a wholesale product, coming in a brown paper bag without any fancy labels.  In January Amazon was selling this product for $66 which was clearly an appropriate price for a wholesale item, especially if you compared it to the other sizes of the same baking mix.  Now they are charging $82 for the exact same product which makes it MORE expensive than buying the same product offered as 3 of the 4 lb bags in the very pretty retail packaging.  Something isn't right with this product offer, anymore.  Shame on you Amazon.  You're supposed to be above such schemes!<br />STILL, swear by Pamela's wheatfree Baking & Pancake Mix.  It's the BEST.
Pamela's all purpose mix is exactly what the gluten free folk out there need. It's like using regular white flour in almost everything. Every time I make a cookie, muffin, pancake, baked good, white sauce, etc it always turns out amazing! I have been using this product for at least 16 years. I only went gluten free about 2 years ago, but I used Pamela's products before going GF because I liked the taste of them!
I love Pamelas Baking Mix.  The 25 lb bag is quite large and the expiration is March 2, 2010, only 4 months after my purchase. I will never be able to use that much baking mix in such a short amount of time.  Not worth it.
What can I say about this flour that won't make it look like I was paid to say it?  I have been using this flour since I was diagnosed with Celiac disease six years ago. I have worked as a gluten free lifestyle coach for GF diagnosed people for years helping them to adjust to the diet and Pamela's flour is one of the first things I steer them to.  It is a great all-around gluten free flour.  It is not too light, like rice flour and not too heavy like a bean flour.  It does substitute well in all of my recipes.  It's baking outcome is very desireable.  I have never had trouble with it. In fact, many times the comments I get on my baked goods from my non-GF friends is that they can't tell it's gluten free.<br /><br />Now, to  be fair, I need to mention that it does have dairy and nuts in it.  This is a problem for dairy and nut allergy persons and children.  This is the ONLY drawback I see in this product.  Unfortunately, I have not found something that I like as well to substitute for it.
I am so excited about this product.  I have made Paula Dean's Apple Cake (half of the glaze), pancakes, Thanksgiving dressing, muffins and cornbread using this gf baking mix in place of the plain flour, salt and baking powder.  They were excellent.  My non gf family enjoyed them tremendously.  The finished products were not gravely or grainy. The taste was great.<br /><br />If you have never tried this, test it out in the much smaller size.  It is wonderful.
I have a cafe in Talent , Oregon.  I couldnt find this product wholesale anywhere. This is so convienient and free shipping and it was here in just a few days!!  My supplier could only get small amounts of inferior product and it would take 3 weeks. Thanks Amazon!
You can exchange this baking mix for regular flour in almost any recipe.  Also makes yummy pancakes and waffles!
My wife has Celiac Sprue which is a Allergy to Gluten in certain grains. She was diagnosed with this disease about 8 years ago. When she was first diagnosed, we could only purchase Gluten Free products from health food stores and it was very expensive. As awareness about this disease has spread more companies are offering Gluten free products. In our search we stumbled across Pamela's. My wife fell instantly in love with it. The pancakes made from this flour are indistinguishable from wheat flour. We made the jump and now the whole family is eating Pamela's. To purchase it at the store is rather expensive. Did a web search and found it reasonably priced at Amazon. We will continue to purchase Pamela's in bulk until it is no longer offered. Great Pancakes!
Growing up with wheat, I had an aversion to gluten free (GF) products but when my daughter exhibited sensitivities to gluten we thought we'd give this a try.  Both my wife and I were amazed at the waffles.  I typically made waffles from scratch but using this mix also saves a lot of time - just add eggs, water, & oil.  The subscribe and save 25-pound bag is the best value (with free shipping), we will store unused product sealed in the freezer.
I keep Pamela's baking mix in a 7 gallon container with a spin-on bucket seal lid in the pantry.<br /><br />When I want to make pancakes or waffles to start the day right I take a cup or two of mix, add a teaspoon of Vanilla extract, an egg and olive oil and I'm ready to go.  What I enjoy most about purchasing the 25 lb bag is that it is easy to store and keeps fresh for months, yet is accessible and consistent in performance.<br /><br />For a special treat I like to add hemp seed on the top of the waffles during cooking and fresh blueberries and strawberries before topping off with Agave Syrup.
This is our second time purchasing the 25lb bag of Pamela's pancake and baking mix.  Last time it came with a label with baking instructions, but this time it didn't.  Good thing I had cut off my label and put it in the bucket with the pancake mix.  But other than that, this mix couldn't be more perfect.<br />Since being diagnosed celiac and trying to balance gluten free/gluten eating in the same kitchen with 7 people, we opted to move everyone gluten free at home.  This mix is a godsend and seriously, it tastes remarkable!!  It is a real time saver and what we do instead of drive thru windows, these days.  I make a bunch and keep them in the freezer so they can be pulled out, toasted and made into a quick PB&J for the kids.  I am so grateful to be able to purchase this is bulk as it makes GF eating much easier for our above average family size and keeps my kitchen GF!!
We use this flour for pancakes, muffins, biscuits and more.  I have found that this mix works great in all my old regular bisquick recipes.  We find the flavor to be similar to wheat flour.  We have subbed this flour into several wheat flour cookie recipes, leaving out the leavening called for, and only one has turned out unsatisfactorily, but not inedible.  Definitely convenient and more affordable to our family of seven to be able to purchase in bulk.
We go through Pamela's like crazy.  Fantastic for pancakes (we like to add a little vanilla to batter).  It also makes great chocolate chip cookies and banana bread.  The 25 lb bag is definately the best way to go value wise.
My family and I are relatively new to gluten free and we have been in search of a baking mix to replace our weekend breakfasts.  We have tried several others and they all taste "gluten free", if you know what I mean.  Pamela's however, is so good and you can't tell its gluten free. Try it, you won't regret it!
This is exactly what I wanted. It is much cheaper to buy it this way and not through a store. Thank you so much!! I'm new to the gluten free diet and this is perfect!!
The product arrived undamaged just as it was described on the website. No delays and arrived quickly. The customer was satisfied with the quality and arrival of order.
When you have health issues taking Gluten out of your diet is a good way to start, it may be the source of your problem, it has been in my case, and using Pamela's Products has helped me get on the right track to feeling better.
What's not to like about Pamela's baking mix? I use it as a base for a number of baked goods. I have made biscotti - and a wonderful Lemon Ricotta cake with Pamela's  to name just a  couple of things.<br /><br />I got a little carried away with the last purchase - I bought the 25 pound bag -which means I won't have to order it again for a year!<br /><br />For those that area curious about the Pamela's Baking Mix - it's a wonderful tasty base mix. The waffles and pancakes it makes are delightful - I really cannot say another bad about the baking mix nor Amazon for bringing the larger bag option to us - the consumer.
I've tried tons of GF pancake mixes.  I could choke on most of them or just decide not to ever eat pancakes again.  These are so moist and delicious.  My 92 year old grandmother was just diagnosed with celiac disease.  She loves them too.  My wife and children who are not GF also love them.<br />m
It's hard to find quality gf products, and pamela's doesn't dissapoint. I always recommend this. I go through a lot of this blend with a family of five. Amazon helps keep it more affordable. The pancakes are great and the waffles are really good. I haven't tried it with much else yet, but my sister-in-law does chocolate scones  frequently  with great raves. I use the bread mix also all the time, and am very pleased with both.
I started eating these after reading Esselstyn's popular book on heart disease (heal through eating oatmeal).  There's no way I can choke down cooked oat meal; eating oatmeal cookies, on the other hand, is something I can swallow.  All of Erin Baker's cookies appear to be made with oatmeal, and the three that I've tried are palatable enough.  Nevertheless, the Fruit & Nut flavor was the one flavor of the three that I most looked forward to savoring each morning (I hope it wasn't because of lower oatmeal content than the other three).<br /><br />In short, you don't have to be the Cookie Monster to like these. Nor do you--despite the "Fruit & Nut" flavor--have to be a little "fruity" (to quote Norman Bates' audible thoughts in Hitchcock's "Psycho") or a "health nut" to find these tasty and nutritious--maybe even therapeutic (Dr. Esselstyn would seem to think so). And the advantage of the "mini" size is that you might feel better--less guilty, at least--about knocking off two instead of just one cookie at a time.
I like them as a midmorning snack with a cup of coffee.  They are also great for those mornings you really aren't in the mood for breakfast, but know you'll be hungry later.  They seem to keep you satisfied for an hour or two.  They do taste great - not too sweet and not overly cake-like.  Buy a bunch and keep them in the freezer until you need more.
If you want a quick pick me up in a small package, each one individually wrapped this is my choice! I have one in the car mid compartment, and in my briefcase they would be great and a pre aerobic workout snack. Great flavor, moist & not too sweet. Beware if you are allergic to nuts-these are out. I took them out of the box and divided into zip lock bags and froze. When I needed more I just pulled one bag from the freezer and it worked out great.
Breakfast cookies are a favorite with the young children (ages 6 and 9) of a friend.  These one-ounce cookies are the right size for young children.  The are individually wrapped, and can be used at home or as a take along snack item.  They can also be used as special treats on occasions like Halloween.
Erin Baker's products are a favorite for my family.  The breakfast cookie mini's are great for snacks & coffee breaks and especially good for traveling.<br />This is a denser product than a regular cookie, nice and chewy and filling with only 100 calories.
My kids (4yrs and 1 1/2yrs) love these cookies, much to my surprise!  The mini ones are just right for them and I'm happy to give them 'cookies' for breakfast!  There are 2 things I don't like:  1) The individual cookie packages are VERY hard to open...I always need scissors and 2) the cookies fall-apart easily...I wouldn't recommend passing these out in the car!<br />Overall a great product and I purchased these in bulk so we are sure to always have them on hand.
We LOVE Erin Baker's Breakfast Cookies.<br /><br />That said, the small mini's are the first time that we have had a problem (PROBLEM) with about 1/3 of them being moldy or having mold on them.<br /><br />Storage has not been an issue.  When we got them (within 1/2 an hour), they were placed into the freezer until use.  As we use the cookies we take them from the freezer to the microwave (for a quick warm-up).  However, still I am fearful each time I rip into a small package, that I will find mold either on the top or sides of the cookie.<br /><br />This is, obviously, not conducive to enjoyment while eating them.<br /><br />We have NEVER had this problem with any of the the big cookie variety.<br /><br />**UPDATE:**  02/15/12  - Today I opened my door to find a box sent to me from Erin Baker's... and it had 2 boxes of fresh double chocolate chunk minis (the exact amount that I had found to be moldy in my original order).  AMAZING company.  Check out the comments attached to my review to see how this all came about.  TOP MARKS to this company.  Not only fabulous breakfast cookies, but amazing customer service (which THEY volunteered - I did NOT ask for!!!)
I was expecting hard tasteless healthy cookies.  It is soft, a little chewy and yummy.  Very tasty.
These are excellent. They taste great and are just the right size.  Two can make an on the go breakfast that is tasty and good for you.  The larger size breakfast cookies are just too big. 2 of these are perfect.  My husband had gotten out of the habit of eating breakfast- too much trouble- but since I bought these he is good about grabbing one or two on the way out the door.
I love these cookies and I love Erin as a result. These cookies make me smile. The texture makes my eyes googly. The smell reminds me of beautiful spring days and how awesome it'd be to spend them with Erin, have her bring the fresh cookies out of the oven and us enjoying them together on our outdoor swing listening to the birds and enjoying the creek that passed through our backyard.<br /><br />The only thing is that this kind and the other kind (raisin) don't differ much in taste. They both taste the same--taste of Heaven.
I live in the area where these cookies are made, and I remember buying them from local coffee stands when they first started making them years ago -- each one was wrapped in saran wrap and had a handwritten label on them.  The packaging has changed, and there are many different flavors available now, but the original breakfast cookie still tastes just as good today as those first ones did.<br /><br />The smaller size is great for a snack, as the large ones are enough for two people!  Full of good stuff, not too sweet...it's a treat that you can feel good about.
ERIN BAKER'S ORGANIC BREAKFAST COOKIES ARE DELICIOUS AND MOIST. I AM TRULEY ENJOYING THEM.  EACH COOKIE IS INDIVIDUALLY PACKAGED. THERE GREAT FOR THROWING IN YOUR LUNCH, WORK, SCHOOL OR DRIVING ON A TRIP. ALTHOUGH, SHE MAKES DIFFERENT KINDS I FIND THE FRUIT & NUT IS A FAVORITE. SO IF YOU LIKE A OATMEAL COOKIE THAT'S WHOLESOME, DELIICOUS, & MOIST THEN THIS IS THE ONE. IT'S A WINNER!!!
Of the Erin Baker products, the Fruit & Nut Mini Breakfast Cookie is my favorite!  I have one mini breakfast cookie (about 100 calories) with a cup of coffee in the morning and I feel satisfied and ready to start the day.  Very healthy, low in caloreis, and super delicious is what makes the product work for me.  Try it, you'll like it.
If you are looking for a rich chocolate cookie look somewhere else.  But if you are looking for a fairly good tasting 100 calorie breakfast or snack these are pretty good.
I've been having these cookies for about 4 years, and l love it, but  I can not find them, in the store where I used to buy, I live in San Diego, so I would like to buy them here, thaks.
If you want to treat your tastebuds to the ultimate delight, try dulce de leche and this brand is the best! As a native of Argentina, I grew up with this stuff and no imitation comes close. Serve it inside crepes slightly warm folded and with powder sugar, with flan or ice cream and remember a little goes a long way. Very sweet!
A friend brought me this from Argentina and my kids and I ate it with a spoon and then apples so that I would feel less guilty. When we finished, I immediately panicked because I wasn't sure if I could get it here in the U.S. Low and behold I found it on Amazon. It is different packaging but same company so I assume it is just catering to Americans. Delicious!
I think this is the best Dulce de Leche I ever tried.  I discovered at the Llao Llao hotel in Bariloche (Argentina) on a recent trip.  They serve it at breakfast there.
Just an outstanding product<br /><br />An authentic dulce de leche ranked number-one in Argentina for its exceptional richness and depth of flavor.<br /><br />Made at a small dairy outside of Buenos Aires.<br /><br />(note that the web page or supplier indicates "Made in Spain" but this product is clearly made in Argentina)
I was born in Argentina and this is a top of the line dulce de leche, to eat with toasts or as add-on to cakes (comparable to Chimbote).<br /><br />Note: I noticed that dulce de leche is an acquired taste. So unless you grew up eating it, you may consider dulce de leche to be a little too sweet.
My father grew up in Argentina and since he came to the States has been searching for the perfect dulce de leche that reminded him of his childhood. He doesn't have to search anymore, I bought him a couple of jars this past Christmas and he has been a happy camper ever since.
We used to have a pipeline to get homemade dulce de leche from a bonafide Argentine, but alas, said pipeline moved away.  This is the next best thing and doesn't involve me hanging out in the kitchen for hours while my milk caramelizes.
I am so glad I ordered this; it is the best dulce de leche I have been able to find. I had read about this somewhere and am now convinced that many people are not familiar with this product. If you like anything caramel, you'll love this!
Very high quality dulce de leche from Argentina. Compared to most brands, it's a bit lighter colored, and the taste is more subdued and milkier. You may or may not appreciate this, as it's not the classic taste that you expect from commercial dulce de leche, but it's by far the closest to the homemade dulce that my grandma used to make. For this, I'd give it 6 stars if I could!
I bought this for my girlfriend as she had been having tummy issues and she absolutely loves it.  Now it seems assumed I will keep her in stock.  That alludes to a completely different product review.  The point is, buying it in bulk grants the obvious versatility of making tea bags when on the go or strainers when home.  It seems very economical without sacrificing quality in the least.  My only wish is that they would institute the subscribe and save feature here for those who are hooked and are loyal customers.  My GF usually gets what she wants.
This is a good quality product, which definitely helps tame my tummy.  I have it each evening and it makes a huge difference in how I feel.  Definitely recommended, along with Heather's Acacia Fiber, which is life-changing.
I wasn't much of a tea drinker until I bought a 'Breville' automatic tea maker and a bag of Tummy Tea Fennel for my wife. She started brewing the first pot of this new tea and did it ever smell great- a little like licorice. We both shared that pot and have been hooked ever since. This is one of those teas that makes you just feel warm and fuzzy all over. It is a feeling you do not forget.  If I was stranded on a desert island and could only have one tea this would be it.<br /><br />  For those who enjoy drinking tea I would encourage you to look into the 'Breville' tea maker. Produced by a German firm it is without a doubt an indispensible tool for brewing tea. The price for this mechanical marvel is a little high but believe me it is worth every penny.
I love tea, hot or cold, and am always looking to try new ones. This tea brews up a wonderful cup - just opening the bag to scoop some out is a joy. The smell alone is captivating. I tried a cup to relieve a stomach ache and it relieved my discomfort immediately. It really does taste just like good quality licorice and it's naturally sweet. When my urge for sweets hits, I can now reach for this tea instead and it really does satisfy my cravings. This tea will be a staple in my pantry.
I think this is a really good deal. I seal it up in a rubbermaid container and just scoop it out to brew. Good stuff!
Live with digestive problems, and you eat a lot of mint: mint lozenges, mint tea, and those 'curiously strong' mints.  You can get tired of the taste of mint.  Especially in the morning.  I gave up coffee months ago, (and I still whimper some mornings), so I'm looking for some kind of substitute.  Forget decaf anything.  Forget chocolate.  Forget tea.  Some people swear by hot water with lemon. I don't. Too acid.  This fennel tea sells elsewhere as 'tummy tamer tea.' It does.  It's better than chamomile tea, which doesn't do much for me in terms of flavor or calming anything.<br /><br />I've used this fennel tea in desperation those mornings when nothing else will settle in.  When even mint leaves or herbal teabags of mint leaves are too much, this goes down nicely.  But if you're not a fan of vegetable soup or celery, this might take a little getting used to. Me, I like it. The smell reminds me of hops.
The fennel smells fresh, tastes good, and makes a great addition to one of my tea blends. It is packaged exactly as shown in the picture. Came in a timely manner. Thanks!
I love gummy bears. Love. I also love to eat healthy, and for me that means avoiding corn syrup whenever possible. I was sent these gummy bears by accident when I ordered the sour gummy bears (also by Surf Sweets) and I am glad I was, as these are absolutely delicious. They have the same texture as regular gummy bears, though if you let them warm up a little bit or get an off batch they may be a little bit chewier.  Some find them a little bit sweeter than regular gummy bears, but I think that is due to the lack of corn syrup. I don't really notice any difference. Note that these do still contain gelatin, so vegans should NOT eat this (I think that their jelly beans and the gummy worms are safe for vegans). The natural fruit juice flavors are delicious, and the fact that you get your vitamin C as well is just an added bonus. I would definitely recommend these, though I suggest you get these small bags over the large ones as otherwise you might find yourself eating the whole thing in one go!<br /><br />One last caveat - if you are on a budget I suggest you go with the Surf Sweets Sour Gummy Bears (also available on Amazon) as they are ten dollars cheaper. I'm still unsure of the reason for the price difference, but if you're on a budget the other ones are great too!
These are guaranteed to be a hit with my kids -<br />Like regular gummy bears, but even better - with extra flavor.<br />Perfect consistency....Not too chewy... great all the way around.
My four kids LOVE these, it's great that there's zero nasty stuff in it like grocery store 'fruit' (ie total chemical junk) snacks. A 'safe' kid snack!
These are always delicious & a much healthier alternative to most candies/ kid's sugary snacks. The size is perfect for goodie bags & even fits in large Easter eggs.
I found these little awesomely delicious fruit snacks at a gluten free show in Wisconsin.The guy that was there offered me a package and I fell in love!They are organic, which makes them all the more cool, and they are very, Very tasty!I looked on the ingredients and was surprised to find no high fructose corn syrup!They're a little chewy at first, but I can not find anything else wrong with them. They are a wonderful fruit snack that I don't feel guilty about eating afterwards!
My 18 month old grandson only eats organic foods, and I was looking for a treat to give him when he visits. He loves these candies, and I don't feel too guilty because they are in a tiny packet with only a few in each one. They stay at Grandma's and Grandpa's house! (Of course we brush his teeth afterwards.)
You cant go wrong with Rosa Monte Especial! this is one of the best yerbas in Argentina. Go for it. Seller did everything ok, in time and etc.!
I switched to mate from coffee a few years ago. I know it's generally an afternoon drink, but I drink it in the morning like coffee. There were a couple of websites where I bought it regularly. Unfortunately, Dr. Oz saw fit to publicly endorse it as a health tea, and the price went up everywhere, including my regular sellers. So I went looking, and found this on amazon.<br /><br />This is my favorite brand. The Selecci&oacute;n Especial is aged two years in special wooden boxes with vents to let smoke in. This is "elaborada con palo", meaning that it has stem bits in it, which makes the flavor last longer for more refills. Some will prefer "sin palo"(without stems), because the stems also add a little bitterness to the mate.<br /><br />I understand that in Argentina, where mate is a common as coffee is here, Rosamonte is generally regarded as one of the best commercially available mate brands.<br /><br />Of this seller in particular, I can say that they were prompt, and that the box came with a couple free samples of flavored mate. A lot of people will prefer the flavored kinds, especially either "citron" which is lemon, or "hierbes de monta&ntilde;a", which means moutain herbs and tastes like mint.<br /><br />I, however, prefer this for day-to-day consumption. I run plain water through the coffee-maker, fill a large coffee cup about 1/3 full with mate, and just keep topping it up with hot water for a couple hours as I sip it through the bombilla.<br /><br />The main thing that pleased me about this merchant is that the product was considerably less dusty than what I had been getting from my previous suppliers. The difference is probably about handling and storage. The bags are like a bag of sugar, and a lot of rough handling could crush the leaves inside, creating dust. In the mate, dust gets through the holes in the bombilla and coats your tongue, tastes a little bitter, and generally degrades the experience.<br /><br />When it first arrived, I opened a bag and poured it into a big tupperware container that I use to store it. And I immediately noticed that there was very little dust compared to what I had been getting when I ordered this from my old seller.<br /><br />I'm very happy with what I received.
Packages came in soft container that had been crushed and one was split open.  I was worried about how fresh it would be but its aged so no worries.  The Mate is flavorful and strong.  I don't have much to compare it too but at $30.00 for 3 kilos (6.6 lbs) it seems to be a fantastic deal with a a good product.<br /><br />Not Organic, kind of a bummer, but pretty much expected.  I would get this again but I will probably try another more expensive, organic version and see if I can taste any difference.
Rosamonte Especial can never let you down. Tastes fresh and strong. I smell Argentina in every sip. Yerba mate is going through an increase in prices, almost double..crazy. But it's worth the value. I will never change Rosamonte ESPECIAL!
If you're setting out a whole can at once or transferring some of it to a container for later use, flip the can over and use a can opener to remove the bottom of the can. You can then pop the top of the can, releasing the vacuum holding the food in place and the whole thing will slide out cleanly. Much easier and tidier than scraping out the can with a spoon!
I've been feeding Wellness grain free for a couple years now with great results for my 3 cats. I believe the cost of a top quality food is well worth it in healthy, happy cats and reduced vet bills, but still the cost of Wellness has been prohibitive. I was excited to see Felidae had a grain free formula in the larger sized cans, and for a much lower price, so I am trying it. Just switched them over this week, so far so good. The bowls have been licked clean, and while I questioned the whole peas when I saw them, they weren't left in the bowl. The ingredients and quality of the Felidae seems comparable to the Wellness, so unless I find information indicating otherwise (and I've been looking), I think we'll stick with Felidae.
I have 5 house cats.  One was recently diagnosed with diabetes.  We got his diabetes under control with insulin but I began researching diet information to help us.  All of my research led us to try Felidae grain free.  I spent two weeks carefully switching Louis (and the four girls) from dry Iams to Felidae.  I was immediately able to decrease his insulin and by the time I had him totally on Felidae we were able to discontinue insulin totally.  All with our veterinarian's supervision, a consistent feeding schedule and measured amounts. (It has not been effortless but it has been worthwhile.) Louis has been insulin free for two weeks now.  All five cats (ages 5 to 19) love the food.  Their stools are good, their coats look wonderful & they haven't vomited for weeks. YAY!
This cat food has great, healthy ingredients.  Cats shouldn't eat grain because it is not a part of their traditional diet.  (Think: Mice, Rodents, Moles, Grasses, Rabbits, Bird, etc)  I switched my cat from Iam's canned food to this one, thinking that I would have to mix them together at first to get her to eat it.  However, she ate it immediately! I was so happy!  As another reviewer said, there are whole peas in this stuff.  It looks a little gross, but my cat eats it. However, I must admit that she will eat just about anything.  Her favorite treats are sproated oat grass, spinach and broccoli stalks.  She's a good eater!<br /><br />Before I switched to Felidae Grain free, my cat was vomiting frequently.  I think it was due to food allergies (either to grain or food coloring maybe)  Since switching she has only thrown up one time! You can only imagine how happy I am to not have to clean up vomit every other day!<br /><br />Also, since switching my cat's fur is much more smooth and soft!
No more dry kibble for our felines!!!  After a few medical emergencies and educating myself WHY cats are not designed by Mother Nature to eat dry kibble (ANY brand), I changed our clan of felines to HEALTHY wet food.<br />Every cat with a blocked urinary tract is fine, until they start to strain to urinate and have to be rushed to the ER.<br />With all the issues of recalls and such concerning the pet food industry, we rotate 3 different brands of food. Felidae is one.  It has NO grains, soy, corn, or icky fillers. Felidae is a pate loaf-like consistency.<br />Since changing to a wet food only diet, none of our cats have been back to ER in years.  None throw up.  No runny eyes.  Coats are shiny. No matted hair.  All are at a perfect weight.  The changes are amazing.<br />Having 5 cats, I am VERY thankful for the 13 oz size cans of Felidae.<br />I had a question recently and sent Felidae an email.  They answered very promptly and were very kind.  Their customer service deserves 5 stars also.
I'd been feeding them Wellness until the recent recall. After checking some reviews, I looked around for something comparably healthy in the large size cans and decided to give this a shot. They're always enthusiastic at mealtimes, but they've been literally climbing over each other at mealtimes for this. One caveat: Unlike the Wellness it has a pull tab, which is good news/ bad news. No need to mess with a can opener, but it's absolutely impossible to get it out without a spoon or a huge mess.
Great price and my cat loves this food.  He has been on it for 9 years.  My vet says he is the healthest cat he sees.
My youngest cat goes insane over this stuff!  (Which is good -- she's the reason we had to seek out a new food that was for both adults and kittens.)  My older cat took a few weeks to adapt to the creamier texture, compared to her "favorite" canned food, although she loved the taste right away.  Once she got used to it, we started going through this case like it was going out of style and I had to buy more!  I have noticed much less smelly litter boxes since we got into this case, compared to many of the foods we use ... that was a big bonus for me, and enough to convince me to put this into our regular rotation of canned foods.
I have the coolest different cats ever-with some exotic in them-and this stuff is amazing and really they seem to love it! It does not make the poo smell bad and the digestive system of some of mine-do not tolerate much grain or gluten so that is VERY much a PLUS!  The price on amazon is better for a large-can (amount / per ounce) than i can find at local pet shops or stores.  So when you can get the free shipping it is REALLY awesome to have pet foods at your door-service too! I hope Amazon will just continue to make pet food / supplies to your home affordable and at a top price!  Sometimes though when i go to try to re order cannot find (the same deals)available.  So I just lurk and watch and wait sometimes til it is Offered again to make it affordable. Not sure why -that happens but i know i have to (watch it) to make sure i don't end up with a high shipping fee in my cart-prior to purchase.
Cats do occasionally need a little green in their diet.  Not a whole lot, but their typical "prey" in the wile would probably have vegetation in their stomachs when killed and eaten.  That being said, my kitties are weird and love to eat vegetables.  I have a toddler that likes to throw his food around so inevitably some ends up on the floor, and they are there to pounce when it falls!  The ingredients in this food are wholesome, my kitties eat this food whole peas and all, and it makes their coats wonderfully soft and silky.  This is not the only wet food I feed them, but it is one I do plan on keeping in their wet food rotation.  I give it my solid recommendation.
We recently adopted a new kitten. We rotate Felidae grain-free canned formula with Wellness Turkey canned food. He loves both and eats well, he's never left a single whole pea behind. This is a very high-quality cat food, using excellent all-meat proteins. He is healthy, active,affectionate, and has a smooth glossy coat. Definitely worth the cost in the long run.<br /><br />I believe it is worthwhile to rotate different (high-quality) canned foods for variety and to not create a cat who will ONLY eat one brand. I think this is useful also in the event of a recall. I'm looking for a 3rd high-quality brand to add to the rotation.
I adopted my adorable Edmund last year from a shelter. They sent me home with a small bag of Felidae (NOT grain free version) cat and kitten dry formula as he was a kitten at the time.<br />I am very concerned about eating healthy WHOLE foods, so I of course want the best for my kitty as well. I did research and found that cats' digestive systems are not designed to eat any grains/fruits/vegetables directly, and basically the only carbs they are to eat are what is already in their prey's stomachs (ie: if a mouse ate something carby and the cat ate the mouse they would get a little of whatever was in it). So I wanted to make sure the ratio of his food was as close to what's found in nature as possible, without breaking the bank.<br />He already seemed to really like the Felidae Grain-included version, so as soon as my starter bag ran out I immediately switched to the grain free variety and he has ONLY eaten this ever since I got him - he LOVES it!<br />I give him one small scoop of grain free kibble in the morning and then a partial can of this large 13oz Felidae grain free food (we've tried both the turkey/chicken and the salmon grain free canned ones and Edmund prefers the turkey/chicken but will eat anything I give him :-)). I bought some can lids at Petsmart, and they seal air tight on these cans - so fridge storage is clean and easy.<br /><br />He has the absolute SOFTEST, SHINIEST FUR COAT I have ever seen on a cat and he is very healthy and happy - we haven't had a single vet visit since I adopted him (even though he had chronic upper respiratory issues when I got him, they all cleared up). I have to blame at least SOME of all this on the fact he only eats grain free Felidae food (the rest is because I love him so ridiculously much!).<br /><br />I LOVE the FREE SHIPPING on Amazon (I buy a case of canned and a bag of dry (or two of one) at the same time)! I used to buy this elsewhere, and since it's so heavy shipping would often be almost as much as the product!
This Yuban DARK ROAST is outstanding.  It is smooth with a chocolaty taste.  I find it as good as any far more expensive coffees.  I would also recommend purchasing the 11-ounce cannisters because the coffee is freshest when you can pop open a new can and use it up without refrigerating or freezing it.<br /><br />I do not like many dark roasted coffees because I don't like the burnt taste.  Yuban DARK ROAST has NO burnt or bitter taste.  Definitely shun the regular roast for this one.<br /><br />Also, keep in mind that this review is written by someone who thinks Starbucks is far, far overrated (bitter, burnt).
If you like strong coffee, this is it!  The flavor is exceptional, I have not found better in a can.  This can be expensive and difficult to find at your local store.  I have had great luck with Amazon, good price for the subscription order (you can get a case a couple times a year and still get the reduced rate).  Amazon also has a wonderful return policy!<br />Try Yuban if you love strong coffee and have not found the coffee for you, this may be it!  We have been drinking it for 10+ years now & have had the Original, Organic and Dark Roast---I dont have a preference, they are all excellent.
My husband and I are always searching for better coffee...and seemingly there seems to be something wrong with them all! LOL I have finally decided that Yuban is without fail MY favorite coffee...it has no aftertaste, is not bitter in any way and it remains constant can after can. On that note, my husband can go grabbing different can after and grinding himself silly if he wishes;  complaining about each one...I'm settled on Yuban forevaaaaaaa. : )
Excellent.  We have enjoyed Yuban coffee for many years.  We recently tried the Dark Roast Coffee and would recommend it if you want a rich tasting coffee.  Smooth; with no bitterness.  Beats the high price of many "Gourmet Coffees" without sacrificing that delicious flavor that coffee lovers look for.
Yuban makes the best cup of coffee. Either roast is never bitter, and makes a great cup of coffee. We like our coffee extra-strong, and we have been using Yuban for years. The coffee is very consistent and distinctive.<br /><br />This is the best canned ground coffee out there, period. We have found none to match the true dark, smooth cup of coffee. There is no bitterness or burnt taste, just silky, rich coffee. Add a dab of half-n-half, and you have bliss in a cup.<br /><br />Don't spend your money on the expensive "designer" coffees. This is the best!<br /><br />If you are persnickety about coffee, buy Yuban!
Living in Baton Rouge my wife and I drank the popular regional coffee - Community Coffee, we now guess out of loyalty. When we became full time RV'ers in February 2007, we packed 5 lbs of that coffee but ran out in Missouri, so we tried other dark roast, including Maxwell House Gourmet Dark Roast and then the Yuban Dark Roast. OMG - what a difference!<br /><br />We'll never buy anything except Yuban Dark Road - smooth and silky without that burnt or bitter taste.<br /><br />Difficult to find in South Louisiana, but easier nationwide. Then there's always Amazon with delivery within 5-days!<br /><br />Ya gotta try it!
I can only say that this is great coffee, never tried before until recently.. Now I like it better than Folgers!
Until recently I thought that coffee was coffee but apparently it's not that simple. Drinking coffee can either be an good habit for the environment or a very bad one.<br /><br />The good news is, Going Green is easy! Look for the certification by environmental watch-dogs like the Rainforest Alliance and keep up the demand for Arabica (uh-RA-bih-kuh) or Rainforest Blend coffee; just ask for them at your local grocery store or favorite coffee house.<br /><br />GoGreenMart&More voted Yuban as a Product of the Week because the great taste helps wake you in the morning and protects the environment as well.
We had not been able to find the Dark Roast Yuban in any of the stores recently. When I ordered this they gave me a date of receipt. It actually came two days earlier. My husband was so excited when he saw what I had ordered. Thanks for the quick service on a great product.
I own a small night club and this is, hand's down, the most popular snack item we have. At first we were just giving it away until we started going through way too much of it to justify that anymore. In addition it is not available anywhere in town and, before we found it here, we had to go to a Sam's club 50+ miles away to stock up on it. apparently it is about as close to being the perfect blend for a wide variety of tastes as one could expect to find. The company also makes a "Club" mix, as opposed to the "Pub" mix. I made the mistake of buying a huge supply of that and met will strong and continued ire from our clientele. They look about the same but apparently the Club mix lacks some vital ingredient.
I received a whole package of this delicious, tasty, perfectly seasoned mix that contains just the correct variety of snacks (pretzels, crackers, nuts, etc) .  Of course, here in Iraq we look forward to receiving care packages and the awesome snacks they contain.  However, this snack was the "Cat's Meow".  It is honestly the best snack mix I have ever tasted and my fellow Marines agree on this also.  Once it was eaten by all, everyone was inquiring where I had received it and I could only say a caring patriot who included it in one of their care box of goodies.<br /><br />  I loved it so much that I ended up on this page because I decided to go online and search for it, and see if I can get multiple packages of this shipped to my unit here in Iraq.  I don't mind paying a few extra bucks for it, to have for me and my fellow Marines to enjoy.  It's just that good that it's worth it!!!<br /><br />  This is a great product and all should try it.  After you do, you won't think that Chex Mix can light even a dim candle next to the UTZ PUB MIX.  Believe me, try it, and you'll want to keep this stocked in your cabinet for everyone in your family and their friends to enjoy.
I found these tubs at Costco and was dismayed to discover that they are no longer carrying them. I buy the 4-pack here at amazon and I am very satisfied. The snacks are tasty; not too salty and offers a variety of chips in the mix that all blend nicely.
This is definitely the best snack mix I have ever had!  It got me and my buddies through many movie nights while deployed in Iraq.
I agree with all who have said that this is a great snack, but I just wanted to say that I piad $36.95 for a 4 pack of 30 oz containers from the actual UTZ site.
I tasted this snack at my local pub and found it tasty... much better than chips or other mixes. I was told it was sold in Sam's club and Wegman's for $18 per 30 0z container. Bought it from Utz in a 4 pack for $41.00.<br />Each piece has a different taste and texture...Could not ask for a more delicious snack or a better price. Thank you Utz!
Hands down, the best snack you will ever voraciously consume at a potentially unhealthy pace.<br /><br />It does contain MSG, so do be warned, but if that does not dissuade you (as it would never me), give this a shot. This has been a godsend during road trips, movie knights, parties, and general get-togethers of all kinds.
Enjoyed the product and they also provided very fast shipping.  I'm about out and need to order more.
This mix is great anytime.  I love it.  Would recommend it to anyone that likes Chex mix.
I absolutely love this mix.  We keep it on our home bar and everyone loves it.
I found this mix at the Ft Myer Commissary.  I looked for this product last time I visited the commissary and could not find it.  So here I am online looking and found it here.  I could eat this all day.  I've tried several different snack mixes, but most have too many pretzels.  This has a very nice balance of flavors and textures -- and not a lot of pretzels.  I'm stocking up!!
This is an addicting, fantastic snack mix. It has a wonderful variety of crackers and blend of flavors.
Cat grass seeds will sprout very easily---you can sprinkle them on top of any kind of moisture retaining soil or peat moss.  My cats eat the sprouts very quickly.  I suggest that you purchase multiple seed packs.  I did so to insure that I would have more sprouts ready when the first wave was gobbled.  The only drawback is shipping cost--which is more than the seed packets themselves.  That's another reason to order in multiples.  The shipping cost for several packages is the same as for a single packet.
This is good stuff.  However, I planted it, and no cats grew up.  Just grass.
Cat Grass is not only a treat that cats love to eat, it is also good for them and will help deter them away from eating houseplants!  My cat often nibbles on houseplants then throws up and I'm always afraid that it will do damage to her digestive system.  When there is cat grass around, though, she only eats that - she really chows it down, and it makes her happy, too!  Cat grass is also good for cats - it contains vitamins that may or may not be present in cat food, and it aids their digestive system and helps to eliminate fur balls.<br /><br />Even if you do not have a green thumb, cat grass is so easy to grow, that anyone can do it and it's also a great "project" for kids, too.  The seeds sprout very quickly (if you keep them moist) and will grow quickly to 4-6inches in a window sill.<br /><br />If you have cats, cat grass is a must!
I've had luck with this seed and all the other packets I've purchased from Botanical Interests (the company that makes it).<br />Right now, the packet's over a year old and I recently planted another pot and had a high germination rate in about two days and it was about three inches tall in four days.<br />The cats love it. They ate so much I planted yet another pot.<br />Having the grass around deters our cats from gnawing on strange things, like plastic, especially when they are having digestive problems.
Great product.  The indoor kitties love to have grass to nibble on.  This grass grows and is ready to nibbling in 10 days or less.<br />My How-To:<br />Get a small, shallow plastic container with a lid.<br />Punch several holes in the bottom of the container with a nail.<br />Fill the container with organic soil, sprinkle about 1 tablespoon of seeds on top, pack the seeds into the soil by pressing them in firmly. W<br />ater until some of kit leaks out the holes in the bottom.<br />Place on a dish; put on the lid; keep out of the way for the seeds to germinate-- checking to water every 3 days.<br />Once the grass has grown about 2 inches, remove the lid and place in the sun.<br />Put grass in a new heavier bowl so the cats can't pull the entire patty of grass out or walk off with the container with they nibble it.
YUM, I am SO HAPPY my mom bought this delicious and nutritious cat grass for me!  It helps me digest my food, and is just fun to poke around in when I'm bored.  And I notice that mom eats it too (when she thinks I'm not looking!) because it is so tasty!
I use this to grow my cat grass every month or so.  Now that it's spring I can find the terra cotta pots at the stores again.  I just keep two and alternate so he always has grass growing.  He loves it, so I bought several packs at once, probably more than I'll need!  I get several batches out of each packet. None have been "duds" so far either.
Cat grass, also known as wheat grass, is a great plant for anyone. I typically don't do any type of gardening, but I had no trouble getting these seeds to sprout and grow. These seeds make a great project for gardeners, cat lovers, and children, too.<br /><br />The hardest part of caring for these plants is keeping your cats from keeping from devouring them completely! That's what happened to mine, at least, and my cats still -- several months later -- will check the area where I kept the cat grass for more of this tasty plant.
Received this product much sooner than promised. Seeds grow as claimed and plant is great. My cat loves it. Highly recommend product and seller.
This stuff is awesome!<br /><br />Grows very fast and grows into a full grass section.<br /><br />My cat loves it and with other cat grasses I have purchased, she has vomited after sometimes, but this stuff she hasnt (so far)<br /><br />Like another reviewer said... shipping for one package is same price if you buy 10, so stock up and save on shipping, and the package was very nice, wasnt just thrown in an envelope!
We have been buying Cat Grass for many years and this product is very well priced and works just as good as the expensive packages.<br /><br />Our Cats have "Grown" healthy and happy since they have this grass.<br /><br />Great Seller - delivered on time and product sold is exactly what we wanted and will purchase again.
So, these seeds do exactly as advertised.  I bought 10 paks of seeds, and have so far used 4.  I always get a pot full of strong, bright green grass, which my cat readily devours.  Not much else can be said.  Good deal, good grass. Man.
I have been growing this "Cat Grass" for my 3 little dog, however I don't have the nerve to tell them this is for cats.  I noticed our dogs would occasionally chew grass at the park or leaves from trees, considering the chemicals that may be used on other plants I decided to grow my own.<br />My little guys love this stuff, but there is one problem being dogs they can be a little messy and they tend to want to rip the grass right out of the pot roots & all.  I have taken to trimming the grass daily and placing it next to their water bowl.<br />Trimming just seems to stimulate the grass to grow faster, much like your lawn.  As with your lawn I find that adding nutrients (Iron) to the grass it keeps it's beautiful color and many months of fresh new grass.<br /> Don't know the exact reason my dogs like grass, it might be just like humans we like a salad for a change maybe it just add something that is missing from their diets.  Guess you might say "Dogs can't live on meat alone" or something like that.
I planted this grass and in 8 days I had 3-4 inches of grass!<br /><br />The price hurts since you're basically paying for shipping. The cost of the seeds themselves are $1.59 as shown on the package. I couldn't find oat grass seeds at Lowes or my local independent garden center. I'm hoping to find somewhere local to buy them so I can buy more seeds in the future without having to pay a premium and wait for them to ship.
The grass sprouted quickly, with a great germination rate. The cats LOVE it, so much that they tried to get to it by knocking it off the mantle while I was out of town. The pot was upside down for at least a day, and it looked like the grass was all going to die. However, a week later it has almost fully recovered, so it's pretty hearty.
Our cats love the grass.  It's easy to grow and it sprouts within a few days so you have an ample supply on hand continually.  An excellent product to maintain a cat's health.
I wanted to grow some cat grass for my kitty to distract him from my other plants in the house. I planted them in a large window sill box with potting soil. I had a large bunch of grass in about a week. My cat loves it and it looks great in my kitchen.
I normally purchase already-grown containers of cat grass at my local pet store. However, the last few pots developed bugs in them, which just wasn't sanitary. I bought these seeds from Hirts and they grew insanely fast! My cats love the taste. I've already bought another pack so I can re-plant once the cats finish off this batch.
These seeds grow very easy, one seed pack grew about 7 little pots. I would grow using a few seeds about every 4-5 days in 2 separate little pots for my cats so they never was without. A great buy.
Excellent germination!  Only 4 days and about 90% of the seeds are up to an inch.  If I hadn't done this before, the instructions would have been wonderful, they left nothing out. I WILL buy these again.
This was the only seed pack I bought of three different brands that came up and the cats are still enjoying.
Tiger loves the cat grass..It only takes about a week after the grass is planted to come up..So it grows very fast..I planted it in a pot outside it did very good outside..
It was so easy to grow and my cat loved it. I highly recommend this purchase. Your cat will love you forever!
Unfortunately, bunnies love it, too, so we are having to grow this batch of cat grass indoors.  The cats love this stuff:  just put it where they can reach it and they will "go to town" on it, munching it all up.  It does not make them behave erratically, like catnip does, so don't worry about that.  You don't have to do anything to these seeds other than press them into some moist soil and water when the soil starts to become dry and crumbly.  That's it!  A nutritious treat for your cats!
These seeds always grow, unlike some other brands. Every single one of my cats totally loves the resulting oat grass. There is nothing else that all five of them all agree on so unanimously.<br /><br />Thanks for such a great batch of seeds!
In less than a week, my kitties had grass to much on.  I was surprised with their reaction to it, it seemed like she was given this before at her previous home.  She rushed right to it as soon as she saw it and gnawed it down to nothing.  The first time it got eaten, the plants sprang back to life and grew faster than before, but after being annihilated a second time, the grass kind of dried up and died.  Which is okay, because I have plenty more seeds in the pack.
Excellent product and price. Would do business with this company again.<br />My cat loves it. Can't wait to plant it again.
the true test is that our cats really loves the grass we grow from these seeds! and they grew very easily in pots, too.
I bought 4 packets and planted one of them.  It only took a couple of days for the sprouts.  My cats love it!
My two cats must not be interested in grass, because it grew but they ignored it. Had no problems growing it.
This product is great for growing cat grass.  Gives a hearty grass is easy & fast growing.  Will purchase in the future.
It got here fast, grew quickly and my cats love it. Excellent choice anyone can make their cats very happy by purchasing this product, plus my cats have completely stopped chewing on all other plants in the house.
Our cat loves to eat this grass and it was so easy to grow too. I have never been much into growing plants but this was easy and actually useful rather than just grow plants around the house. Recommended product.
I have 3 cats...2 could care less..the other one LOVES this so much.  I have it by their food bowls and she nibbles on it every day.  No throwing up like outside grass.
i have 3 cats here at home and they need to dosome grazing so i baught  this to see if they like it :) even though its just out grass lol
I just picked these up at random at my local Asian market, and I am really impressed. I'd drive the 15-20 minutes there again just to pick these up. They have an excellent coffee flavor and aren't horribly sweet like most hard candies. Each candy is individually wrapped and lasts a good long time.
Great candy! Sweet and intense, low calorie and delightful. Made with actual coffee, not just flavoring. Fantastic. Reasonably priced too.
Japanese sweet but strong black coffee candy. Lasts a long time in your mouth and costs alot less on Amazon than elsewhere. Made with real caffeinated coffee for a little energy.
There is nothing wrong with this product, but it is overpriced.  With a little research you can buy this for less than half the price.  Buyer beware
My cats really love this 9 Lives Seafood and Poultry cat food.<br />They prefer this pate to the slices or chunks.<br />They are a perfect weight and have beautiful shiny coats<br />and lots of energy.<br />It is good quality food and is very fresh.
We enjoy these peanut butter and jelly bars.  My 5 year old with celiac disease says he can have a peanut butter and jelly sandwich again.  He loves to pack these for school snack.
My 2 year old recently was diagnosed allergic to Gluten. These Pb & J bars have saved us. He loves them and these are his favorite flavor.
I tried these bars and they were very good, although I do like the Peanut butter chocolate chip bars better. The bars are a quick and easy to carry snack when you are on the go!
Out of all the granola bars that Bakery on Main makes my 2 year old loves these the most. Maybe it's because she can still get the taste of a peanut butter and jelly sandwhich but in a snack bar :) We always have to have a box of this flavor in the house.
These are good bars for being gluten free.  Not my favorite bar out of everything they carry but still good to keep around for a hunger attack.  If you really want to try something great try their Coconut Cashew Trubar.  Now, that's incredible! It's like you are being naughty but you're not!
You just can't go wrong with peanut butter and jelly. These were so delicious. As with the apple cinnamon, I had a hard time keeping my gluten free fearing husband away from these! Yummy!!!
One of the best peanut butter bars I've ever had. The fruit jelly is so good and brings the whole thing together in a good snack or dessert.
Of all the flavors I have tried of these bars, the Peanut butter and Jelly is my favorite!  Everyone loves peanut butter and jelly and it is just as delicious as a bar!
This is my favorite granola bar! Being vegan and gluten-free is difficult when it comes to finding granola bars that meet my  needs. This one is absolutely delicious! I love the ingredients and all the strawberries throughout the whole bar.  Highly recommend!!!
My sweet daughter loves these.  I mean what kid doesn't love PB&J, and what mom loves not having to make it!  They are sweet, and make you feel like you are not missing out on anything being gluten free.  Highly recommend it!
Wonderful! My son loves these granola bars! He has celiac and we wanted to try something different, these were a hit!
My girls love these bars!  They are nice for lunches or quick snacks on the go!  Good flavor!  Gluten free and Dairy free is difficult, but Bakery on Main does it right!  YUMMY
Peanut butter and jelly together. How can you go wrong? It is great and without the worries of gluten makes it even better.
I love these.  They really taste like a soft PB&J sandwich, and you can bring them anywhere!  Kids would love them too.  I hope they're available again soon because I'm running low!
Childhood nostagia all over again! I LOVE peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, but I don't often make them because they're rather messy. These bars solve that problem-- the oats and stuff provide a perfect compliment to the peanut butter and jelly flavor that's in the bar. The best part is that I can eat this on the go and not have to worry about my hands or clothes getting messed up.
It is cubes for our horses. They came in on time and the horses like them. There is not much more to say about sugar cubes.
All my horses love a sweet reward. Dots hold together nicely in the reward bag.
The fact that the title of this product includes the number 3000 is misleading.  I'm not even sure what that number refers to.  I can tell you that it does not refer to the quantity of gumballs in the package (which is 850).  It's true that the product details stated the actual quantity of 850, but apparently I glossed over that fact.  The price is still a good deal compared to other vendors on Amazon; just not quite as good as I had originally thought.  Shipping took a week longer than expected, but I did receive and apology email.  The gumballs themselves were well packaged.<br />I would buy from this vendor again (assuming that the consumption of 850 gumballs does not kill me).
I LOVE this tea. It is, hands down, my favorite.  And the ingredients are very "clean" and it's low calorie--especially compared to other teas out there.  This is the real deal.  It's basically like making it at home.<br /><br />It's SO yummy!  Light, refreshing.  I could drink it all day, by the gallon.  :)
My husband and I love this product because it is naturally sweet without the taste of artificial sweeteners.  Most peach flavored teas taste like sugar and artificial flavors but not this drink.  It is wonderfully watery to quench any thirst.  I only wish that Amazon would always sell it because we would buy it on a regular basis.
Since Republic of Tea discontinued their Bing Cherry Vanilla tea, I was looking for a replacement.  The flavor of this tea is very different from Republics - it's better.  The smell is very rich, like toasted vanilla and cherry.  It almost has a coffee smell, but not quite.  I don't like coffee, but this tea is incredible.  Glad I found it.  Best of all, the price!
I really like this tea, but my husband smelled it and commented that it smells like Robitussin cough syrup.  The taste is more subtle than the aroma.  Overall, this tea tastes good and is a good value.  It's not the best tasting cherry vanilla or cherry tea I have ever tasted, but I would purchase it again.
If you can get over the high price, why not enjoy some of the best coffee in the world, right here in the good ol' USA?<br /><br />Warning: once you get spoiled by this coffee, you might not ever settle for less!<br /><br />Bottom line: great product, would recommend to a friend.
I have a bag of this coffee shipped to me every other month. I do notice the flavor can vary over time. With that said, the worse I've had was just plain great, and the best roasts are to die for. I've noticed this variation with other coffees too. I always assumed it was the minute differences in roasting, and of course the bean itself. Being a plant, it will hardly have the exact same characteristics of another plant. Perhaps weather variations count too. This last year, the flavor and taste has been more consistent than it was a few years back. Everyone has different tastes but speaking for myself, this is as close to perfect as it gets.
Tried this because it is 100% Kona and much cheaper than the other national brands I have been using. What can i say i am greatly surprised. Mild, no bite too it and no discernable acidity. This is on my shopping list from now on.
This is by far the best Kona Coffee I've had. I use to purchase Trader Joes Kona Coffee but for the last several months they haven't had any and I've been unable to locate Kona any where so I thought I'd try Amazon. I saw this and although the price is staggering, the coffee is amazing. Very smooth with great taste. I drink it both hot and cold. A pound makes a lot of coffee and while I didn't figure the price per cup, I still think it's worth it and will purchase it again.
I have tried a few kona coffees from different vendors, and I can say that this one is a very special coffee. I made an order last year and had some issues with one of the two bags I've bought. The coffee lost it's freshness in the 2nd bag and it was very old, dry and tasteless. I was very disappointed by how the same coffee could taste so different in each bag. I wasn't sure what was the problem, cause the 1st bag tasted very pleasant and aromatic. The freshness, texture and delicacy of the coffee took me to nirvana. I was very pleased with the organic taste and smoothness of the coffee. Immediately I knew that this was a very special gourmet coffee.<br /><br />I've tried different regional coffees including, papa new guinea, Kenya AA, Sumatra beans, Jamaican blue mountain ... and others. I have to say that Kona is my favorite by far. The shipping bag comes oxygen free when it's being shipped from the vendor. The air is sucked dry to vacuum seal it. Sometimes they get damaged or punctured during shipping. I guess that's what happened to one of the bags. As you know, coffee and oxygen don't go well together, cause once the coffee is oxidized; it starts losing its freshness and it doesn't taste the way it's supposed to taste.<br /><br />I've made a recent purchase again and I'm very happy with the results. Give this coffee a try before deciding to make a bulk shipment. You have got nothing to lose. Well done Hawaii Roasters. You guys have outdone yourselves.
My son was on vacation a couple of years ago and brought back Hawaii Roaster Kona Coffee. They have a different technique the way it is grown then most coffees. I thought I would check to see if it was on Amazon. This is the best tasting coffee I ever tasted.  Well worth the money.
This coffee has a smoother and milder taste than a dark roasted coffee.  I like to have this coffee and a dark roasted on alternate mornings.  The daily contrast in taste keeps me appreciating the delicious coffee favors of each type.
This coffee, whether brewed in the Keurig via eco cup or in a standard coffee pot tasted stale.  Not the award-winning coffee that I expected to taste.  It didn't take me back to Hawaii, but instead took me to the Folger's coffee aisle in the grocery store.  Will not order again.  What a waste of money.<br /><br />updated 2/3/12 - The seller got in touch with me and offered to refund my money.  He apologized for the coffee not being up to standard.  The seller has good communication.  Maybe I just got a bad batch.  Who knows...  Thank you!
This coffee was delicious! I actually purchased it as a gift, but since I paid $30 for 1 lb of coffee, I tasted the freakin coffee!<br /><br />It was so good! I meant to purchase the light roast, but accidentally ordered the medium. It was full bodied and delicious, totally lacking the high acidity that you find with most commercial coffees. I can't afford 100% pure Kona all the time and normally buy blends, but this coffee is the delicious gourmet coffee you need to buy and keep for company or to treat yourself now and then.
The best thing I like about this sports drink, is it's not an energy drink. Low calories (15) and less caffeine then 8 ounces of coffee.<br /><br />Plethora of natural anti-inflammatory ingredients, which mitigates aches and pains. And it's not necessary to take over the counter Acetaminophen when you have this.<br /><br />When I first had some, I felt different. Not a amp different, rushed. Just different; scared me a bit. 3 days later I tried it again. The feel different was the pain level going from the constant 8-9 to a 6 (which is manageable for me). The feel difference, was me feeling better.<br /><br />This is giving me the 4-5 year window I need before I have to get my neck and spine fused (again).<br /><br />At our house now, we have at least 3 cases and this month, it is 4.
This jerky is quite pricey for a 6.5 ounce bag, but it's one of the few I've found that is salty enough and doesn't contain a bunch of sweeteners.<br /><br />The smoke flavor is also pronounced.  Unfortunately, the price is the only thing that keeps this product from getting 5 stars from me.
I've reviewed this before - this jerky is fabulous. Great salt, great snap, great flavor. So tasty. I want some now.
These were a wonderful surprise, more delicious than anticipated and guilt-free. I liked the smaller size pouches. Easy to carry with me; nice to give as a gift. The bonus is that they are organic. I will be buying more.
I picked up a package during an airport layover and since I won't be back to LAX soon... decided to check Amazon for some more.  The 4 oz package cost 7.99 at the airport, so you do get a small price break by buying them here in triple packs.<br />WOW!  The flavor is amazing.  I don't know if the other reviewer got a bad batch -- or what -- but mine were crunchy walnuts with the smoothest slightly sweet tasting thick dark chocolate coating.  One bite and I was hooked.<br />If you are looking for a sweet treat for your sweetie, look no further.  this should be in every adult Easter basket or Christmas stocking.  I haven't raved about a candy like this since See's dark chocolate covered raspberry cremes!<br /><br />If you like walnuts and dark chocolate, you will absolutely love these.  The taste is so pleasurable it is hard to describe.  I just ordered 6 packages, for me and to use as gifts.  Amazon, you need to start selling these so I can use prime shipping!  (these will fly off the shelf, I promise!)<br /><br />ingredients:  Organic Walnuts, organic ark chocolate coating -- ooh there is some organic chocolate liquour and soy lethicin in there, that's why it's so tasty and smooth.  Contains small amounts of milk, soy wheat and egg and is manufactured in a plant that processes peanuts.  Made in the USA by Tropical Valley Foods.<br /><br />YES, these will melt in your hand or the hot sun, so be forewarned!
The walnuts and chocolate are very high quality. They are rich and decadent. It seems strange but when I'm eating just a small piece it tastes like I'm eating a brownie. Highly recommended.
The product is great...but it arrived mostly melted together instead of individual drop pieces.  I am sure it was over heated in the shipping.  We live in central California where temperatures get into the 100s.  I am  able to use them, anyway, by just cutting them up.<br />Partly my fault...I will try to remember to order during the winter months for cooler weather.<br />Excellent product...
These smell so good I'm tempted to try them myself!  I have to keep real chocolate locked up in my house because my two chocoholic dogs will raid cupboards and chew open drawers to get to it, but they are very happy with these instead.  I'm so glad I found this safe alternative for them.
My dogs (and some other dogs I like to spoil too) just love these.  They are their special treats.
I must say that Vitakraft has put life back into my dog. He is old and Vitakraft offers him more vitamins and minerals than what he was getting from his food. Now he has more energy and begs for these choco drops.
I found these at a local pet store and couldn't locate them again.  Great price and dogs love them.  I rec'd my shipment quickly with no problems.
I bought this product because my dogs were having accidents in the laundry room overnight.  I'm not sure how or why this works...but it stopped them from peeing.  The dogs love em too.
Have been buying this product for over a year and 'MAX' would eat  it as fast as I could give it to him. However one or two drops at a time for a reward, is his limit ! yogurt is his favorite.
My dog loves Vitakraft Dog Drops with Carob so much, he'll do any trick possible to have one!  Sadly, they're getting harder and harder to find, so I was thrilled to find them here - and the price was great!
A superior dog treat with a chocolate flavor. These drops are not toxic to dogs and are vitamin enriched. My dogs just love them.  My grandchildren ate few thinking they were "Hershey kisses"!! The children's mother who is a Pharmacist stated that the drops were not toxic to children or dogs!! The  product is excellent,service from the Amazon supplier was excellent but I wish they (any supplier) would not use UPS as a shipper. UPS is slower than "Snail Mail"!!
My puppy, Megabyte, is a very picky puppy.  After spending hundreds of dollars on finding treats that she will eat.  These are one of only two.
My Pug absolutely adores these treats and will do anything for one.  I can get anything away from her and get her to go anywhere.  They are a big help for me and a wonderful treat for her.
My dog loves these treats. I can get him to do anything using them. They were much cheaper using Amazon even with the shipping charges.
Key lime pie is one of my all-time favorite desserts. When I heard about this gum I was definitely a skeptic, I figured it'd taste more like just a standard, citrus-y/mint gum. I was wrong! This definitely tastes like real key-lime pie filling: actual key-lime flavor with a milk-sweet taste that's not too overpowering. The flavor actually lasts for quite a while too (though it's much more powerful within the first 5 minutes). Try it!
But I'll give it a shot.  Wow.  So far I have only tried (and intend to try) the Key Lime Pie and the Mint Chocolate Chip but they are both amazing.  They key lime pie is incredibly tart and delicious but unfortunately the flavor only lasts about 10 seconds.  The Mint Chocolate Chip is also incredible and the flavor seems to last much longer (or at least, the dulled post-flavor gum is more appealing).  In any event, even for 5 seconds of flavor these gums are a gem.  Great idea by Wrigley.
Key Lime Pie is getting rave reviews throughout my office!  I bought a pack of it to share with my co-workers, as well as the Mint Chocolate Chip and Strawberry Shortcake varieties.  All have been tasty, but Key Lime Pie has been the star.  Excellent!!
I just got a pack of the key lime pie gum, and it is some of the best gum I've had. It really tastes like key lime pie, almost eerily so, and is flavorful but not too strong. The idea of dessert flavored gum sounds a little like Willy Wonka, but it tastes really good, and I am looking forward to trying the other flavors.
never did I think I could put a piece of gum into my mouth and actually experience pie.  You can seriously taste the crust, the filling, and even the whipped cream on time.  I don't know how they did it, but it's amazing.
I am addicted to this gum. It tastes so close to the real thing and doesn't lose flavor compared with the apple pie or strawberry. This best flavor of all of this series, along with the mint chocolate chip.
I like the Dessert Delights line, and this is one of their better flavors. But the carton I received contains only packs that are stale. The sticks are stiff and difficult to chew, and the flavor disappears within 10 minutes. I'm quite disappointed that they would dump old products on their customers.
I couldn't find the gum at the grocery store. So I ordered it from Amazon. The order came quickly and the gum was great!
Thankfully I was able to order quite a supply of this gum. My sister and I enjoy this flavor the most and was sad to read it was discontinued.  I paid a responable price so, I thank you.
It's almost eerie how this gum tastes so similar to actual key lime pie. I just picked up my first pack today, I this is definitely my new flavor. Extra really hit the mark here. A different, unique, and incredibly delicious gum. This scrumptious, delicious treat is sure to please. Don't hesitate to buy a pack!
I panicked when I couldn't find my Extra Key Lime pie gum in the stores.  Then I thought... where can you get just about everything?  Amazon of course!  And to my delight, my gum was there!  If you love key lime pie like I do, this is the next best thing to sinking your teeth into a creamy, rich, key lime tart, delicious piece of pie... without the calories!!!!
Wow,  I like the flavors! I've tried the Apple Pie, Mint Ice Cream and the Strawberry Shortcake (not too fond of this one..) but the others are great! I love the Apple Pie and this Key Lime Pie<br /><br />it says hydrogenated starch... not oils.. difference?
This gum is delicious and since my first pack I have been hooked.  I love the Mint Chocolate Chip after meals, and the Key Lime Pie is delectable at all other times.<br /><br />At $15/10 pack on Amazon, it's not really a deal, though, considering this is only a $1 a pack at target or mcwallymart.  Once the price of a 10-pack drops to about $10 or $11 I might consider buying it online if only out of pure laziness, but a 50% premium is not really worth it.
I loved the flavor and the fact that it was so long lasting. Everyone in the office eats it now. We only eat half a stick so we are not sitting around with a big wad of gum in our cheeks, but so far I have not been able to outchew this gum for flavor.  If you like a bright, citrus-y taste that is not too overpowering, you will love this. If you like a more minty gum, then go for the mint chocolate chip flavor of this gum.
I was actually VERY surprised that this tasted like the real deal. It's very sweet, very limey, and the first couple hundred chews you can taste the crust and a smidge of whip cream. After a few minutes, it still has flavor. After an hour: it still has flavor. I love it! You also get the tangy effect of a lime. Not as strong but very pleasurable.
I did NOT expect this gum to be more than just your typical "lime" flavored "candy" type taste. But I was floored. This gum literally tastes like key lime pie. I swear I can even taste a graham cracker crust. The flavor only lasts a short time, but it's an amazing taste! Floored!
This is the absolute best gum flavor ever.  It really tastes like Key Lime Pie and the flavor lasts a long time. Yummy!
Not being a hard core gum chewer, I was thrilled with this gum. A great taste in a gum that last plenty long without any loss of flavor or any kind of after taste. A pleasure in my diet routine.
I've tried Wrigley's Apple Pie flavor of their Dessert Delights chewing gum.  It tastes EXACTLY like apple pie.  I can't wait to try the key lime pie flavor!  Everyone who has posted a review here on Amazon says it tastes exactly like key lime pie!  Wrigley Chewing Gum Co. appears to have hit yet another one out of the ball park!  John V Karavitis, John Karavitis, Karavitis
I really like this gum. like all of Wrigley's gum products I've tried, this is absolutely great. These Dessert Delight flavors are truly delightful.
the extra dessert delights sugargree key lime pie flavored gum is an amazingly limey mouth party.  it has a zesty tartness tempered with enough sweetness for balance.  having a piece of gum taste so much like a food is a little disorienting and while i did not really think i would end up looking like a lime (a la violet beauregard from willy wonka and the chocolate factory movie), it was a relief that i did not.  the only problem is that the flavor does not last as long as bubble gum or mint flavors.  but that might just be too much to hope for.
Like other reviewers, I had low expectations for this gum, but was happily wrong.  I love key lime pie, and lime flavor in general.  When first chewed, this gum has the tangy-bite of key lime, with a creamy sweetness, and a hint of graham cracker crust flavor.  After the initial flavor burst fades, there is that surge of artificial sugary-sweetness that occurs with some brands/flavors of sugarfree chewing gum, but the surge isn't as overwhelming or long lasting as it is with some sugarfree gums.  Once that fades, the gum has a mellow, subtle, lime zest flavor.  I really like this gum.
So far I've tried all of the flavors and while there are some I'm not over the hill about, I've had pretty good experiences with them.<br /><br />This is one of the flavors I'd purchase again. I'm a big fan of anything lemon or lime flavored, so I had to give this a try. I'll admit up front that I haven't had a key lime pie for years, so I don't remember the flavor like it was yesterday and this probably worked in my flavor. (I remember it in general, though.)<br /><br />This tastes awesome. I can definitely taste the lime and it tastes like what I remember a key lime pie to be. The lime flavor is there, but it's backed up by a nice creamy taste that almost made me want to grab a few extra slices of gum. (Hey, it's 15 calories a slice so I can splurge on this while I wouldn't want to splurge with the actual pie.) Unfortunately it falls prey to the same problem that the equally yummy apple pie flavor had: the flavor doesn't last nearly long enough.<br /><br />I'll absolutely buy this again, despite the flavor only lasting 1-2 minutes.
In this age where even basic service no longer exists, I was pleasantly surprised when my transaction actually came off without a hitch. Shipped on time, and the product was in good condition. Well done!
I love Salt and Vinegar potato chips, but can't eat them on my low-carb diet. These pork skins are a wonderful replacement for those high-carb snacks. The salt and vinegar flavoring in the pork skins is a bit more muted than what I am used to finding in most potato chip brands, but is definitely adequate to soothe my cravings for a crunchy salt-and-vinegar snack. The pork skins are light and fluffy, with almost none of the hard rinds that can be found in some brands of pork skins. If the flavoring was a bit more pronounced, I would give this snack five stars.
If you like salt and vinegar chips but want to avoid carbs then pork rinds are for you especially this brand. I'll eat these instead of chips any day!
Would've rated 5 stars if it had more of a vinegar taste.  Overall, not bad at all, good snack
can't find them anywhere where I live, so glad I found them here. Not too salty or vinegary just the right amount> thanks
The customer service was beyond compare.  I would gladly do business with this company again.
I have a hard time finding this up in New England - so glad to see this product here.  This is my favorite product in my spice cabinet.  I have tried many other so-called "Cajun" spice blends and find that they are too salty (although this is salty too, it is not predominant on the palate) or too hot (which a true "Cajun" spice is not hot).  Laissez les bon temps rouler!
This is a wonderful product, I was happy to see I could buy it on Amazon because our local stores quit carrying it!  We use it mostly to sprinkle over chicken wings to make a cajun wing..yummy!  It can be used on almost everything. Love It!
I, just like all the other reviewers love this seasoning. I have been making Cajun Catfish with this seasoning for about 15 years. I have tried other seasonings when this one was not available, but it's just not the same. If you want to try my recipe, it's very easy. I melt butter and brush the catfish fillet with it and generously<br />coat the fish with the seasoning. Meanwhile I preheat a cast iron skillet. When the skillet is hot I put in about 2 tbs olive oil and than about 3 tbs of butter and fry the fish to a golden to dark brown on each side About 4-5 minutes and add some more butter if the pan becomes to dry after turning the fish. During this I make a pot of spaghetti, my wife likes angle hair, after the pasta is done, drain it and remove the fish to a platter, turn off the heat under the skillet, add a little more olive oil and butter, scrape up the bits of fish left on the bottom of the skillet and dump the pasta into the skillet and mix it around to soak up the buttery oil, than sprinkle some more seasoning on the pasta and serve with the fish. Everyone love it. To give this dish a little color, you can add a bag of fresh spinach to the pasta water during the last 2 minutes of cooking, or stir in a small can of diced Cajun tomatoes after you put the pasta in the skillet, or use both. Hope you enjoy it if you try it.
This is the best Cajun spice my wife and I have found anywhere, ever.  We have been using it for more than ten years.  It goes great on all sorts of things -- chicken, beef, pork, fish, eggs (hard boiled, scrambled, or fried), baked potato, etc.  Not only is it a very good combination of spices, it is also ground fine and mixed well.  Whenever we fry something in batter or breading, Luzianne's Cajun Seasoning usually finds its way into the mix.<br /><br />We've tried "Slap Ya Momma" and other cajun spices, but those tend to be too coarse.  Instead of tasting a blend of spices, you tend to bite down on a nugget of salt, filling your mouth with the taste of salt, then a nugget of pepper, filling your mouth with the taste of pepper, etc.  Luzianne's is definitely the superior implementation.<br /><br />We recently ran out of it, and to our dismay Safeway has stopped carrying this product, which is why we have tried other brands.  None have measured up, which is why I was searching for it online.  We're very happy to have found it again on Amazon.
I grew up using this seasoning on steak, and pretty much everything. Could no longer find it in stores so ordered a case off amazon. Very happy nice spice and flavor. Highly recommend.
I love this product and can't get it locally anymore.  It was a fair price and the item was in stock and came quickly.  I would buy from them again.
This is a wonderful mix of spices.  One of my favorite uses is on chicken on the grill.  Try this out:<br /><br />5-6 cloves garlic, minced<br />1 1/2 Tbsp. Luzianne Cajun seasoning<br />1 Tbsp. olive oil<br />2 Tbsp. lemon juice<br /><br />Combine ingredients with chicken in a gallon size zip lock bag and marinate chicken legs & thighs for 2 - 4 hours.<br /><br />Mix up a second batch, and brush over chicken while grilling, cooking on all sides.<br /><br />Just made this yesterday...excellent!
This is the best cajun seasoning ever! We use it on seafood, steaks and burgers. Seasoning enhances, not overwhelms, whatever it is put on.
I have been using Luzianne Cajun Seasonings for years.  I find it best on Beef and fish/seafood.  Like one of the other reviewers, I like the fineness and the blend of the seasoning.  The combination of the two gives it it's unique flavor.<br /><br />When I have friends and family over for steaks, they always say these are the best, what's your secret.  I first tell them it's an old family secret, but then I tell them about Luzianne.  I am not sure they are listning, because the next time over we have to go through the same conversation.  Oh well, more praise for me!<br /><br />Thanks Luzianne for all the pats on the back.
This seasoning adds just the right amount of spice to almost any dish! If you want something with a little kick you will love this seasoning! Can't beat the price for a top notch product!
Oh man, I, like many of us have tried so many Cajun Seasoning, but this company does it Right!!<br /><br />Thank you Folks at the Heart-Heat of Southern Seasoning!!<br /><br />All my love,<br />Roy Watson,<br />408-464-0100
I originally discovered this years ago on vacation in southern Maryland. Since then it's always been in our cupboard. We came home to PA that year with three cans of it and then resupplied each summer. After a couple of years it became available in our area, but in the last year or so, we haven't been able to find it anywhere. This is one seasoning I don't mind buying by the case. (and it's a great price, too!)<br /><br />We put it on virtually anything - and I mean anything. Meats, poultry, seafood, salads, spaghetti, eggs, pot pie, vegetables, soups, whatever. It's especially good on any pasta dish. I even sprinkle it on a sandwich. The spice is just the right amount of heat with the touch of lemon to top it off. It sounds weird but I think I could even enjoy this on ice cream.
Luzianne Cajun Seasoning is a great way to spice up anything you make. It adds a nice amount of heat to your food without being over-bearing. My whole family loves it!
I have been using this spice mix for many years but, I have found it hard to find lately. I decided I would check Amazon and I was very surprised to see it available! I am a fairly good cook and I have developed some easy dishes using this mix and it is very unusual and tasty! A 12 pack is a lot of this spice but, it does keep for years and I use it quite often. Give your family the kick it deserves with "Luzianne Cajun Seasoning"
We discovered Earth's Best when my oldest started solids years ago.  They had a more limited selection then, but offered more variety than the "regular" brands.  For him, we only bought a few jars each trip, those flavors that we couldn't get in another brand.  For our second child, we added a few more.  With the 3rd baby, we started out on the larger brands, but he wouldn't eat them.  Who can blame him!?  They're runny and lacking any flavor.  Not to mention, no matter how good sweet potatoes are, how many jars can you eat?  He gobbles up every jar of Earth's Best without any problems.  When we introduce a new flavor, he's all for it.<br /><br />I agree with other posts that some of the flavors are very runny.  We just add a few tsp. of cereal and problem solved.<br /><br />Earth's Best is more expensive.  I calculated that every 2 weeks of food costs me $15 more than buying the other brands.  However, we decided that since he eats it all (vs. being very picky with other brands) it's a wash.<br /><br />If you want to use Earth's Best for your baby w/out breaking the bank, try these tips:<br />*Visit Earth's Best's website and print off all the coupons they'll allow (usually 3), have family and friends do the same<br /><br />*Buy at Whole Foods.  They have good prices and when you buy a lot, they give you a bulk discount<br /><br />*You can also buy them by the case at Meijers for less than $10.00, cheaper than here!
According to a lot of reviews on top baby food brands overall, Earth's Best was always voted to be in the Top 5 of all the lists of reviews by Mom Links, Consumer Reports, Livestrong, Baby Health Sites.  Here is a excerpt from one of the sites (I think it was from eHow.com):<br /><br />The Center for Science in the Public Interest evaluated popular brands of baby foods, including Gerbers, Heinz, Earth's Best and Beech-Nut. According to the Center's report, Earth's Best did not use starchy fillers or "replace real food with water and thickening agents in many of their products for children over six months of age. Such adulterated products are nutritionally inferior to products made with more fruits and vegetables." Earth's Best uses certified organic products. The brand offers single-ingredient, smooth foods for infants over four months; fruit, vegetable, grain and meat blends for babies over six months; and a variety of chunky soups, dinners and vegetable medleys for children over nine months old. Earth's Best products are sold at supermarkets, natural food stores and big box stores nationwide.<br /><br />Plus, my baby girl loves it.  Yes, it might be a little runnier than the other baby foods, but I just add a little rice with it and that fixes it.
We only use jarred baby food as emergency food.  I make all my little one's food and freeze it or give it fresh.  Yes, full time working mom but really is it that hard to cook, puree and freeze basic foods like carrots that cost $1.27 for 2 pounds?  I taste all the foods that my baby eats and enjoy the Earth's Best line because they taste real.  It's not food that you could add to a baby shower game and go "what in the world was that?"  They use quinoa and kamut flours.  It is excellent all around.<br /><br />I believe that the apricot puree that other's talked about in the sweet potato and chicken dinner is there to maintain the color of the food.  I make my own sweet potato and chicken dinner for my little one and it turns brown.  My baby doesn't care about the color of the food but I'm sure maybe a mom would freak out if she saw this color in a baby food jar - knowing how vibrant sweet potatoes are.<br /><br />Half of the jars in my case were popped up.  I wrote amazon and at first they offered me not even the cost of the damaged jars.  I called and they replaced the entire case free of charge.  This had to have happened at the manufacturing plant and didn't occur during shipping but rather was a sealing issue.  I was impressed with the speed and efficiency at which amazon handled this.  Will continue to be a loyal customer because of this.  Customer service goes a long ways!
We love the Earth's Best line in our house. Our 9 mo old daughter  will ONLY eat Earth's Best dinners, and I don't blame her. The smell from both of the other 2 brand was nauseating. I've sampled the Earth's best dinners myself, and they aren't half bad... It is baby food.... The fruit blends and veggie blends are great as well.
Organic foods are probably most important the first couple of years of life. That is when so much brain development is happening that trying to keep as much pesticides as possible away from your child's developing brain and body is a very worthy goal.<br /><br />Fortunately it is a little easier than it is for a grown up. With our more varied foods and time constraints and on the go, etc. Also no matter how worthy a goal, your child has to eat the food. This is an excellent combination of flavors that I was not always able to find at local stores. And with subscribe and save it is cheaper and delivered to my door.<br /><br />The flavors are vegetable turkey which lists the ingredients as Water, organic carrots, organic apples, organic ground turkey, organic whole barley flour.<br /><br />Sweet potato and chicken: Water, organic sweet potatoes, organic apricot puree, mechanically separated organic chicken, organic brown rice flour.<br /><br />Summer vegetable: Water, organic corn, organic zucchini, organic green beans, organic brown rice, organic carrots, organic garbanzo beans, organic canola oil.<br /><br />Rice and Lentil: Water, organic apples, organic carrots, organic brown rice, organic lentils, organic canola oil<br /><br />There are other Earth Best blends where water is not the number one ingredient. Obviously that somewhat calls into the question the 'value' of this particular Earth's best item. I just found the tomato and carrot one which I have ordered but not received yet.  Also if you put in organic baby food in Amazon search there are some brands with just food in them for example Peter Rabbit organics (have not yet tried it, but might when she is a bit older).<br /><br />Overall though I do recommend this variety pack. Our daughter likes them all and she is getting organic ingredients. And for a decent price, even considering the amount of water in them. The water being first in all 4 is giving me pause as to the overall value and definitely something I will keep in mind as to trying other brands going forward. The ingredient lists are all directly from the Earth Best's website, earthsbest.com,  as I do not have the products in front of my right now.
My daughter loves these dinners. There's no other organic meat option at my grocery store, so we're stuck with this one, but I don't mind at all. I think they're great. I agree that they are runny, but you can just thicken it with whole grain cereal, and problem solved (turkey dinner is thick enough).  I also don't understand why people complain that they are too sweet, or unhealthy. First of all, if you don't like the ingredients, buy something else. Second, I trust Earth's Best enough to believe they know the right amount of stuff to put in their product. Third, the belief that if baby tastes sweet food, they will not eat regular food, is an old wife's tale. Are you people saying that you don't give your babies fruit and vegetables? They are all sweet.<br />The only reason I gave this particular item 4 stars instead of five, is the price. I can buy it at my grocery store for 79 cents a jar. Here, they are being sold for over 91 cents. And that's at the sale price. If you buy these at the regular price, it comes to $1.41. Way too much!
I'd continue to buy but I'm moving over to more home made finger foods and away from glass jars...shattered too many. They like all the flavors though. Great textures too.
I love the thought that these baby foods are organic.  The shipping is quick, well packaged, and easy to open.  Baby likes ALL flavors so far of ANY type of Earth's Best baby food.  However, this brand is always more watery than any other brand I've tried.
Our primary reason for buying this product is that it came in a variety pack.  We make most of our own baby food, but we were going on vacation and that was going to be difficult.  Since packing space was limited, we had this shipped to our destination.  It was the only brand we could find to order in a variety pack.  The kids liked all the flavors and the consistency seemed good.
My 6-month-old is a fanatic for these flavors!  She gobbles them up and we can't load the spoon fast enough for her!  We introduce new foods every 3 days and we always get the interesting blends as well, so she has tried tons of flavor profiles by this point and these really do get a notable reaction from her.  She goes, "Mmm, mmm," lol.  It's so cute and meats are an easier-to-absorb source of iron compared to artificially-enriched iron that is found in baby cereals.  I definitely prefer this as a compliment to Mommy's milk as oppose to the cereals that are hard for little tummies to digest.
I actually cook most of my twins' savory meals, but I always keep a package of these EB dinners on hand  for (1) feeding the girls on the go and (2) for those times when I just don't have the energy to cook or defrost whatever is in the freezer. The girls like most of the flavors, except for the peas. I wish EB had more variety packages with different flavor available.
My one year old loves this product. She eats one every day and never gives me a problem. And I trust the ingredients which reassures me that she's eating something thats good for her.
I like the variety in this pack-nice to not have to pick out individual jars and my baby likes them all! The only thing I would suggest is if you have a picky eater, maybe buy one jar at a time to test them out before you buy a huge box.
I purchased this food on Amazon then saw it at Babies R Us for 30 cents less per jar.  I like the product but AMAZON is overcharging!
My baby has been eating this brand since he was 6 months. I like the convenience of high quality/yet not overly pricey jar food like this. It is easy on his stomach. Never had any health issues with it. The "dinners" are a bit more filling than the usual watery vegetable puree but it still does need a little cereal to thicken up. Summer vegetable is his least favorite. The zucchini (like cucumber) smells pretty strong. He would eat it now but when we first started, he hated it. My son loves the other 3 flavors and that's why I continued with my subscription since it's more expensive to buy them separately.
Organic foods of course are best for your health and starting your baby on foods that are pure is best no matter what. I highly recommend Earth's Best products. He loves the formula, foods and diapers. I love the products because it's best for my baby. I wish I knew about organics and Earth's best 16 years ago with my first baby.
My baby loves these dinners. They are very flavorful and not bland like other baby food that we have tried. I love the fact that they are organic and Amazon sells them at such a great price.
My 8-month old son is not the picky eater my first was. He had only refused one flavor of all the baby foods introduced to him in 3 months (and it was peas-can't blame him for that one) but he REFUSED to swallow the Rice & Lentil flavor in this variety pack. He actually spit it back out and then blew raspberries (cute, but messy). I tried several times over 2 weeks and got the same response each time. We will not be ordering this pack again even though he loved each of the other meals.
I used this variety pack to introduce protein into my daughter's diet.  She loves all four of the varieties!
This is a nice variety of flavors--two are meat-based (chicken and turkey) and two are vegetable-based (summer veggie and rice/lentil).  My 9-month-old daughter eats all these flavors and particularly likes the meat flavors.  I've had difficulty getting her to eat other meat foods, so I'm happy to have found two meat meals that she loves.  As with other Earth's Best varieties, these varieties include only organic ingredients without any of those funky preservatives.
Great value if you buy it as a subscribe and save item, and I love that it automatically comes to me.  These are great and they taste really good, making me think that we bought a very high quality product for our child.
I love Earth's Best. My son eats almost all of the Earth's Best single and combination foods. This pack in particular has two of his dinner/lunch favorites: Summer Vegetable and Brown Rice and Lentil. Some of the dinners and a lot of the first purees are very runny so we mix with some cereal to thicken.
My son loves Earth's best baby food. He enjoys his vegetables as much as he does with his fruits. He has no problem digesting his food and never spits it up.
My son really enjoys all these flavors- eats them all!!! Fast shipping. No shopping in stores. Great prices. Would recommend to all.
This is great!  Organic baby food options - delivered to my doorstep!  The dinners are a good combination and receive a raving review from the bib wearer at the dinner table.
My little guy loves to try new foods..so this variety pack is great.<br /><br />Feeding organic is the way to go. We trust and love the earths best brand<br />Ther formula is great. Amazon.com seems to have the best price around i checked.<br /><br />It is great to get the auto ships of babyfood..less trips to the store for dad !
I found this tea when I explored a local grocery store on the north shore of Oahu on a trip to Hawaii last summer. Every now & then I like to add cream to my tea so the idea of a milk tea wasn't totally bizarre. (How you'd guess I'm American?) I enjoy white, black, flavored & herbal teas but am not a fan of most floral blends.<br /><br />I didn't know what to expect when the package said the ingredients included black tea, non-dairy creamer, rosehip extract & refined sugar. I've never considered putting non-dairy creamer into tea. Would it be a mess I dumped into the mug & stirred to death? Instead, I found all the ingredients in an oversized traditional paper tea bag held in a foil-like moisture proof package.<br /><br />After steeping ~3mins, I was thrilled to discover a light-flavored cup of tea, slightly fruity-scented, with a soothing feel to it and no floral tones to the taste. And no stirring, no clump at the bottom of the cup.<br /><br />A year later I found one of the packages in my luggage & found it just as tasty & easy to prepare as last year. I went online to buy some more & was thrilled to find that Amazon offered the same item & a couple of other flavors by the same company too!
These are probably the best crackers I've ever tasted.  They came in a Christmas gift basket, but I liked them so much that I had to google them to see how to get more.  This variety contains oregano, poppyseed, and garlic powder.  Because of how thin they are, there's nowhere for the flavor to hide!  Try them with smoked provolone.  I highly recommend them.
we love grilling all year long but can not get this in markets the price is great and they ship fast now i can get them year round with no salt
Since being diagnosed with high blood pressure, this product has been a staple in our home. I especially enjoy the grilling blends. For the price I got it for online it was a great deak, usually much more expensive in store, so buying in bulk from Amazon is the way to go.
100% ground Arabica beans. Not my favorite, but not bad for a light/medium brew...smells WONDERFUL as it's flowing out of the Kaldi machine. Smooth and not bitter, slight floral(?) aftertaste.
I purchased some of this special habanero sauce this past year for my Super Bowl party. It was a hit! I thought I would try the mild since I like some zing, but didn't want to burn my mouth off. It was a great mix of some spicy zing with a sweet overtone. Went great with chips as a dip, as well as really good with as a dipping sauce with chicken wings.<br /><br />I am thinking about using this as a glaze as well for an upcoming pork tenderloin. I think this sauce is a great change of pace from the person who is sick of the same tastes that you get from the same stuff in the local grocery stores. Plus it is from a small business.....win win win!<br /><br />Thanks again Everidae Sauce for a great change of pace!
Mild Everidae sauce is like a condiment. It goes on everything and doesn't take over the flavor of the food but enhances it. I use this sauce on burgers, shredded pork, grilled chicken, baked chicken, eggs, as a pizza sauce substitute, and basically anything. My kids love the mild kick and flavorful enhancement of the mild sauce. My 10 and 6 year old put it on everything and rave! It will change your cooking and challenge you to try it on everything!
So I have sampled and bought my fair share of Everidae sauce and I have to say without a doubt it is the next best thing to put on food.  I will start off by saying I do know the maker of this sauce, and although that may seem like this review is a bit biased, i wanted to be the first to formally state the flavorful blend of this sauce can literally go on everything.<br /><br />I like spicy hotness, and unlike other condiments like Franks Red Hot, this doesn't mask the flavor of the food but adds to it.<br />I have used this sauce on hotdogs, hamburgers, chicken, tacos, and eggs.<br /><br />The mild is a little bit sweeter than the medium and hot(the hot being the heat that I particularly enjoy).  But this stuff can be added to almost any sauce or family recipe to give it that extra kick of spicy sweetness that will make your mouth water.
I have been a huge fan of Jelly Bellys since I was a kid, which was about 25 years ago.  I have always had a favorite.  At first it was peach, then banana.  Juicy pear came along and that was my favorite for about ten years.  I thought nothing would top it, ever.  Then I tried red apple.  It is sweet and tart and really delicious, my new favorite flavor.  A ten pound box is surprisingly tempting and I am sorry they are currently all sold out.
I wasn't sure what to expect from this Jelly Belly flavor. I have eaten "red apples" before but they were usually in a fruit. This was a candied bean with "red apple" flavors put inside. Despite the obvious witchcrafts, I tried this confection because I am not afraid of the unknown like so many people in the RELIGIOUS RIGHT (WRONG). I was surprised to find that this "red apple" had a delicious apple-like flavor and a chew not unlike a finely prepared hamsteak. Would I eat more of these? Yes, I would. I would also recommend this "red apple" to anybody who is adventurous and wants to experience a new and exciting way to feel the best parts of the fruit eating process. RED APPLE JELLY BEANS, THEY DO TASTE LIKE APPLES KIND OF BUT NOT COMPLETELY. STILL PRETTY GOOD.
This jelly tastes heavenly. You wont find anything this good at the grocery store. All I can say is I'll be ordering more shortly.
****Latest Update****<br /><br />We are now past the baby food stage so I may have missed this if it was formally announced, but I recently heard that they switched packaging in late 2011 to be completely BPA free.  I confirmed this with customer service.  Leaving the remaining review as it was...<br /><br />*********************<br /><br />My wife had made her own baby food for our daughter for the first eight months.  Then, when our daughter was going to begin daycare, there was a certain convenience factor of being about to send in jars of baby food for her and so we bought Earth's Best.  It was organic, and figured to be the closest bought brand to what she had been making herself.  The variety packs are a nice, easy way to stock different kinds for our baby to enjoy...  and enjoy she did for several of the flavors, though some she hated as well.  All in all, we were pleased, and baby seemed pleased.<br /><br />Needless to say, I was pretty surprised to read the review about BPA in the lids.  I spent some time trying to verify this myself.  A lot of different blogs stated it, and while I couldn't find anything definitive, here's what bothered me:  Clearly Earth's Best knows people are concerned about BPA in their lids...  their own facebook site is littered with people asking this same question.  The admin answers these the same way... food safety and baby health is of the highest priority, call us to discuss.  That's only slightly paraphrased.  Going to their website, they have zero articles on BPA and none in the FAQs section either...  nothing.  I'm not worried enough about the issue to stop using what we purchased, but I would have felt a whole lot better about the company and their products if they would acknowledge parents' concerns and tell parents...  something.  Hey, we check our food in laboratory testing regularly and the the amount of BPA found in our food is X, which is so low, there are no health concerns...  just say something...  anything.  Do you really want the onus on the customer to contact you to keep using your product?<br /><br />As I was taking the time to review their product, I decided I would call them to give them a fair chance to explain.  Something, I likely wouldn't have done if I wasn't writing a review.  Their office was closed...  9AM - 7PM est.  Not the most convenient times for a working parent, but I will attempt to follow up and update this accordingly.<br /><br />***UPDATED (old)****<br />Just spoke to someone from customer service.  She says that the liner that comes into contact with the food is BPA free, but that there is another section of the lid behind this liner, that does contain BPA, but that section of the lid does not come in contact with the food.  I'm sure not everyone will be okay with that answer, but I'm ok with it.  I still think it should be an answer that's readily available to consumers without calling them, but I will say there was no hold time at least.
Here is the response I got to my emailed question about BPA in the lids of their glass jars:<br /><br />While all of our Earth's Best Foods were and are safe; Earth's Best Organic® jarred baby food was converted to packaging that does not use BPA in October, 2011.<br /><br />That satisfies my concerns. They include a 1-800 number if people have further questions: please feel free to contact us at 1-800-434-4246, Monday through Friday from 7AM - 5PM Mountain Time.<br /><br />I don't know why they don't advertise this on the packaging, website, etc. It would reassure a lot of parents!
I have been very pleased with this variety pack of baby food. The pack contains three each of pears, peaches oatmeal banana, apples and apricots, and peaches bananas and raspberries. My 6 1/2 month old daughter loves all of them, especially the peaches bananas and raspberries! I have been very satisfied with Earth's best with one exception. The metal lids have a lining that contains BPA (as do ALL lids on glass babyfood jars), so if you're set on staying away from BPA, you'll want to get your baby food from companies that make pouches, like HappyBaby and Plum Organics. I make a lot of my own babyfood, so I feel that feeding her SOME food from glass jars is acceptable, especially for varieties that I can't make. I do also buy a lot of HappyBaby, and I'm very satisfied with the quality there also. All in all though, a very nice variety of good tasting fruits!
Awesome baby food, I bought it online to save a few bucks, but some of the jars were broken when they arrived. 5 stars for the food, 1 star for packing and shipping quality.
My little guy ate this all up before I could even write a review!  :)
Earth's Best Baby Food<br />My favorite brand of baby food by far. Both my son (who is now over 2 years old) and my daughter (now almost one) have used a wide variety of foods from Earth's Best. I am a huge proponent of feeding children primarily organic and/or locally grown foods to promote proper nutrition and growth. But I do not feel that all organic brands are equal. I've tried many varieties (including store brands and others only available through internet purchase) and found that Earth's Best is by far the best for your money.<br /><br />Fruit Variety Pack<br />Normally I would say this is a great idea, but I wasn't a fan of this particular variety. My son would have been just fine with it, but unfortunately for us at this point my daughter is allergic to raspberries and mangos. These are both things I think she'll grown out of, but something you may want to consider when purchasing this item. I would suggest trying an individual serving of one from your local store to see if your child has an allergy, but if they don't I would say buy it! Other than that I do think it's a great variety for kids who need some changing up occasionally. Also, the subscription price on this variety is great and can be altered depending on how soon you need it. We ended up running through another subscription we had and were able to have another shipped as soon as we needed it.
I love Earth's Best products. That's the only product I use for my baby! My baby loves it and I never had any problem with it. It organic which makes it all that much better!
I'd continue to buy but I'm moving over to more home made finger foods and away from glass jars...shattered too many. They like all the flavors though. Great textures too.
I love these foods my first son devoured them happily and now my second son also loves them. This fruit mix has a great variety my sons both love the peach oatmeal banana best. Overall a great product high quality ingredients and they don't taste half bad, I of course had to try them if my boys loved them.
My 8 month old loves these. He hardly swallows one bite before he's already opened his mouth for the next bite. I make my own baby food when I have time, but when I don't, this is a great alternative.
This was a good buy. The variety is still close enough so i didn't have to worry if baby will like the next one
I am a strong believer in giving my baby organic foods as much as possible. We used many of the Earth's Best flavors and baby really enjoyed most of them. What I found irritating though was how runny many of the flavors were; I often had to add oatmeal or rice just to keep the food on the spoon.  Water is added to many if not most of the flavors. I wondered if that was a necessity however "Plum" "Ella's Kitchen" and "Happy Baby" brands (also organic) do not have water as an added ingredient. We definitely used these, but to be honest, I prefered the other brands because I felt we were getting a better value considering we weren't paying for water in those packages.
I'm not the one who eats these so I can't give the best review but my son gobbles them up so I'll take that as a 5 star rating from him and I give it 5 stars since I know it's organic and I don't have to worry about what he's eating.  Now if I were to review his vegetables I might have to deduct a star for him but that's just because he doesn't seem to care for peas much.
With the Amazon Mom discount, this is cheaper than in stores unless there's a sale.  It regularly goes on sale at Kroger, Publix, and other grocery stores for around 50 cents a jar.  I wish there were other Earth's Best fruit varieties available on Amazon at this price.  No problems with breakage during shipping for me, but I found the packaging annoying.  In general though, I think Earth's Best is a good brand and that the price is fair for what you're getting:  organic, non-GMO baby food delivered to your door step!  As a single mom in a rural community, going to the grocery store with the baby can be such a hassle.<br /><br />Earth's Best is definitely better tasting and smelling than non-organic foods like Gerber.  The textures are good, but I had to stay on 1st foods longer than six months because the textures of almost all 2nd Foods made my son gag.  I had a similar issue graduating from 2nd Foods to 3rd Foods.  Sprout baby food, however, is the best quality I've tried for freshness, aroma, and taste.  It reminds me of pureed fresh produce.  While I've seen it in Winn-Dixie for the same price as Earth's Best, it's much more expensive on Amazon and the selection of flavors is relatively limited both in stores and online.  I'm going to start making my own organic baby food and freezing it, but I'll probably always keep a few jars of Earth's Best to get by in a pinch.
I love getting this case. It actually saved me money by buying it this way...and my son loved the fruit varieties. I felt good about giving him this, because it is organic. The price is also good for the product.
I bought this for my 8 month old grandson to try.  He loves it!  I'm so pleased that I am ordering it for my infant great-niece and also for part of an all organic baby shower gift.  This food is inexpensive, convenient, and organic.  Best of all . . . He likes it!  I'm setting up the recurring delivery method for my grandson.<br />CORRECTION!  The product I ordered two weeks ago was $7.76 a case.  Now the cost is $11.03.  That's quite a price hike.  Is there any way to be notified if the price goes back down?
We just started using these and my 7-month old daughter really likes them. I've tried a couple of bites and they are tasty with good flavor combinations. I love that they are organic. My only complaint not specifically related to the product is that when I got mine in the mail, one of the jars was broken and I had to clean the food off of the other bottles.
My one year old loves this product. She eats one every day and never gives me a problem. And I trust the ingredients which reassures me that she's eating something thats good for her.
I have a habit of trying everything myself before offering it to my LO. With this product I am sure that I am providing my LO with Good nutrition and Good taste.<br />He simply loves it .
It's gift for my princess.It tastes good and  baby love it.Packaging is also very carefully so they arrived home safely.
Our baby LOVES LOVES this food. We actually mix a jar with 1-2 scoops of rice cereal for breakfast and he gobbles it up. Earths best is the best!
Great variety of fruits, and my 8 month old loved them all. We bought this assortment pack as well as the vegetable one and it lasted well over two weeks.
my son can not get enough of these fruit purees.  i can not think of a higher standard of praise for this product!
I was very pleased with the price of this product. And the shipping speed was fast! I like that I didn't have to lug this back from the grocery store. Thanks, Amazon!
The bananas are a little runnier than most brands, but overall, my son loves this stuff.  And what a great price!
Liked the Baby food(yes for myself ;-P) really tasty and smooth consistency for an organic treat,except the Peaches and Apricots not soo much nice flavor and such.Really good though and timely shipping excellent buyer!!
My baby loves Earth's Best product.  The food is tasty and doesn't cause her constipation problem.  I'm happy that I can find the organic and affordable food for my baby.
we make our own fruits and veggies to use at home or at daycare.  however, storing them while we travel is challenging so we use the earths best on trips.  the flavor is wonderful, the ingredients are simple and organic and we feel good giving this to our 7 month old.  she loved all of the flavors in this variety pack so much that we are trying to replicate them at home.  we also keep these in the pantry as back up.
I am loving Earth's Best brand overall.  I set out with the goal of making all of our son's food.  However, when I returned to work full time the puree time was less.  So my go-to backup is Earth's Best Baby Food.  We're on stage two now, almost stage 3, and he loves them.  I appreciate the no added sugars / preservatives and that it's mostly organic.  He loves the taste and combos.  Good stuff, great product, LOVE IT!
The flavor combinations are good and taste pretty good too.  I did not give it 5 stars because I thought the consistency of the pears was a bit thin and runny for stage 2.  That is easily solved if you mix the fruit with some cereal.  My little girl loves them.
Great value if you buy it as a subscribe and save item, and I love that it automatically comes to me.  These are great and they taste really good, making me think that we bought a very high quality product for our child.
We love Earth's best. Its hard to beat their variety of flavors and organic offerings. You can also buy a vegetable variety pack, gourmet meals, or my favorite, the seasonal! Good Price on Amazon too, especially if you do subscribe and save!!
I like this one better than all the other ones by Earths Best. The variety is good and my son seems to enjoy them all.<br /><br />If i am going away for a weekend this is perfect for feedings. It is packaged well and again the variety helps!
The variety pack is the way to go when buying in bulk. My 9-month old daughter loves all of the flavors.
I bought this for my 1 year old and he loves it just as much as the other organic brands we've purchased, but I got this one for 30-50% less!  Great buy.
My son happily eats all of the fruit/veggie varieties of Earth's Best, unlike the Organic Baby products, none of which he likes at all.<br /><br />Be careful to only get the fruit and veggie variety packs, not the dinner packs, as they have meat in them.
I was reading the other day about which items you shoud buy organic<br />and fruits and vegtables were the top of the list. So dahh..it dawns<br />on me what have I been feeding my baby ? We changed to Earths best<br />I feel better, feeding the best.<br />Also we use Earths best Formula..when we changed our baby now sleeps<br />thru the night...and that REALY makes me happy !
We are huge fans of earth's best.  My daughter loves them.  It's a great variety.  I would definitely reccomend this
<span class="tiny"> Length:: 0:32 Mins<br /><br /></span>This video demonstrates how to apply a Siliskin to a glass baby food jar.  These Siliskins are designed to fit a variety of glass baby food jars and protect the glass while traveling or storing.  The Siliskin protects the glass jar against dings and bumps while in the diaper bag or tote as well as giving added protection against occasional drops.  The Siliskins can be reused over and over again and are dishwasher, freezer and microwave safe.  Siliskins are also non-toxic and BPA free.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004CVKAI0">Silikids Siliskins for Glass Baby Food Jars, Aqua/White, 2 Pack</a>
They have a bad taste,i finish giving them away because my son started to cry everytime i tried to give these.I prefer Beech nut or Gerber.Yuck!
Coriander is a spice many people pass up or simply overlook and very rarely use except when they might make a corned beef brisket every so often. Sometimes you will find a bit of it in popular seasoning blends as well but it's usually a task to find just a small bottle of reasonably priced coriander in grocery stores which deters folks even more from experimenting with this terrifically tasty and fragrant spice. The Frontier coriander powder is wonderfully citrusy and robust, full, very rounded and well-balanced  and very palatable, mouth watering flavor with hints of lemon, not extremely overpowering of all of your other flavors in whatever your making either, which is very nice because this allows you to use it liberally if wanted. It goes good on meats and vegetables and also smells great when you throw a handful in the bbq smoker and let the coriander smoke do its job on the meat and veggies on the bbq. The Frontier coriander powder is of exceptional value and quality, if you like coriander and think you'd like to start experimenting with it in your recipes I'd recommend buying some and re-discover the world of delicious coriander.
Coriander is my favorite spice after cumin and I go through loads of it. I put it in practically everything I cook. The only problem is it's so freaking expensive. If you buy it in a grocery store you need to pay 5 bucks for a dinky little container! So I shopped around a bit online until I found this and it's the best deal I could come up with.<br /><br />I mean, two whole pounds of coriander for under 12 bucks!? It sounds too good to be true. However, the price was too low to resist and I figured that even if it was poor quality, I could just use a double or triple amount, because TWO POUNDS.<br /><br />Anyways, the coriander itself comes in two 1-pound metallic bags. So far I've only opened one and the other is chilling in my freezer. The coriander is fragrant and flavorful, even better than I expected. The only danger is that I might overspice as I eagerly throw handfuls of the stuff into everything I make. Why? Because I have TWO POUNDS! If I ever run out I will definitely consider buying this again.<br /><br />The only real con is that there is so much coriander that it might take too long to use and lose flavor over time. I honestly don't think that will be a problem for me considering how much I use, but it might be smart to split the order among multiple people. For this price, you really can't go wrong.
After coming back from living in England for several months, I craved me some coriander (carrot & coriander soup, coriander-spiced omelettes...)  But even in the Bay Area, this spice been surprisingly hard to find, especially at a decent price!<br /><br />Buying it in bulk from this seller, the price is unbeatable, and the quality seems comparable to the name-brand, top-notch stuff in England.  One thing to note is that the coriander comes in metallic pouches (not resealable), so if you want to keep it in a resealable bag/container, you'll have to provide your own.<br /><br />Also, I wish I had found someone to split this with me, since it seems like even 1 bag will last me forever!
Unless you can use it all, plan on sharing. Great ingredient for my southwest spice mix recipes, and any dish you might want to spice up.
The quality of these spices is excellent and rather than buying smaller amounts at huge comparative cost and inferior in quality at a supermarket, this is really the way to go! I store unopened packages in the freezer for freshness. Along with cardamom, this is a spice I use daily so I appreciate the deal here.
Happy with this purchase, it's a good deal. It's the most fragrant coriander ever! Coriander is a super spice, tri-dosha (and a health supplement as well, research it, it's a ground cilantro seed). We use it in lots of dishes.<br />Thank you!
This is the best-tasting brown rice I have ever had.  Kind of a nutty flavor.  This is the only rice I have ever had that tastes great all by itself.
I Love Basmati rice and to get the Organic is the Best.  This product is great tasting and the aroma was amazing!  The only reason that I won't purchase it again is:  the amount in the package is very little and for as much as I steam rice (for not only my kids and me but our French bulldogs) it is just Not enough for the price you have to pay.  Way too expensive.  So, I go to Vitamin Cottage and get the Ludenburg Organic Brown Basmati rice in a 2 lb bag for 4.45...great deal and great product!
This product is very good. I have really been pleased. As usual of Amazon,it arrived in good timely fashion. Thank you.
I just picked this up at my local grocery store because it was the only organic brown rice they had and I was pleasantly surprised! It cooks really well, not sticky at all (I use a bit of coconut oil and cook it in organic vegetable broth.) Tastes great! I am not typically a brown rice lover but this kind was really good. My kids and husband ate it and asked for seconds as well.  Was delighted to see it on Amazon and for such a great price with subscribe and save!
It is great thin and tasty brown rice. Just follow the recipe on the packet and it cooks perfect. Thank you.
Here is a great way to get that tast of your childhood without all the sugar.<br />Even without blood sugar problems i want to cut back on any excess sugar.<br />This allows you to have a drink option (other than water) with a perky taste that<br />is low calorie and sugar free.<br /><br />Parents dont tell the kids and just serve it, they will never know the diffrence.<br />Its that good
My entire family and my extended family (Cousins) love the entire product flavor line. Why have they taken this product out of the stores? Several large food store chains have taken the products off their shelves. Why?
We absolutely love the sugar free cherry Kool-Aid but have a very hard time finding it in stores.<br />When we discovered it on line we bought a bunch. It is a wonderful product! Hope they keep making it!<br />Delicious!
I was going through about 2 litres per day of various soda drinks.  Switching to this has really brought down my caloric intake and I have dropped about 5kg with this being the only change in my diet.
I've been searching for alternatives for high calorie high sugar drinks.  After tasting many different products, this one is my favorite by a long shot.  I can't believe it has no sugar at all.  The little packets make a nice quantity of the beverage.  Some of the other brands I have tried gave me heartburn or they weren't sweet enough.  This one is perfect.  I tried the cherry flavor also which is good, but not as good as the tropical.  You have to be careful with spilling it because it does tend to stain, but any traditional stain remover did just fine at preventing the stains from setting in to carpet, clothes, and countertops.<br /><br />Ditch the sugary alternatives and you can save hundereds of calories per day just by using this instead.  Cutting calories just became a lot more easy!<br /><br />Edit:  I still use this product multiple times a day.  It's great to have a premixed drink in the fridge that you can go to that tastes great, and you don't have to worry about calorie intake, or getting the kids all hyped up from sugars.  I also took 2 packets on vacation and mixed it on site.  Saved time and money instead of stocking a fridge up when you would just have to throw away the unused portion at the end of the trip.  I just wish they made a orange and maybe a berry flavor as well.
i cant keep enough of this in my house. my kids drink it like its going out of style. i love it cause its so easy to make just water and the packet the best part is that is sugar free.
The Tropical Punch flavor tastes just like I remember as a kid.  Easy to use, and fully dissolves in cold water (although I'll use a chopstick or knife to stir the mix while the water is filling).
I love this kool-aid mix and they stopped selling it at my local Albertsons (boooooooooooo) luckily I found it here and it is even cheaper than it was in store!!
Was looking for a way to bulk purchase Sugar-Free Kool Aid. This fit the bill and then some. I am trying to cut back on soda for the family, so this was an excellent way to do it. Cheaper than the store (although not by much) and always available (something the local grocery store could try). This was my second set of these and they are just as fast and just as good as the first. Oh and the Sugar-Free part, can't tell the difference, Great product!
I chose to purchase in quantity as it is cheaper than the grocery store.  I liked the product so I knew what i was getting.
I am glad to be able to get one of my favorite drinks again.  For some reason a few years ago all of the stores in my area stopped carrying the sugar free KoolAid.  I like the new pouches that are in the tubes rather than the old tubs that were stacked, they are easy open and pour nicely into the bottom of the pitcher.  There is less of the particles stirred up into the air from the pouches, as they stream the powder out rather than it just dumping in a blob from the tubs.
Great basic hydration for summer. Satisfied with the amount of sweetness. I mix with water and ice cubes for instant satisfaction.
I have been having blood sugar and yeast issues, and I've had to cut out sugar.  I had never tried sugar-free Kool-Aid before, so I was a bit nervous about this one.  Luckily I found the taste to be really good.  Even my picky kids love it!<br /><br />I love the fact that these come pre-sweetened in individual pouches.  You just tear one open and stir it into 2 quarts of water.  It couldn't be faster or easier!  It even dissolves well in cold water.<br /><br />I just ordered a case of the cherry flavor, too.  My kids and I can't get enough of the tropical punch flavor, so we're excited to try cherry, too.
My local Harris Teeter stopped carrying and said they could not get this product any more.  So happy to find it on Amazon.com!!
This reminds me of Summertime in my childhood when my mother would bring a ice-tinkling pitcher of Kool-Aid out to the backyard, and serve it to us while we sat splashing in the wading pool!  So, I was very pleased that Amazon offers this, since it is getting harder and harder to find in the Seattle area. I do most of my grocery shopping on-line at Safeway, and they don't offer it or any Suger-Free Kool-Aid flavors. I think the price is a little high, but I ordered it on sale and also subscribed to have it delivered bi-monthly, so the price is more reasonable. I also purchased the grape flavor, but Tropical Punch is still my favorite. Next time I will get the Cherry flavor, because I like it mixed with Crystal Lite lemonade! It disolves very well in cold water, and to me does not taste sugar-free at all.  And of course it is even more refreshing and delicious served up in my vintage 1960's Kool-Aid pitcher and little Kool-Aid cup!!!
I'm so glad I found this seller.  I just purchased my Keurig about a week ago and wanted to try some different flavors without committing to an entire box.  It was fun picking out all the flavors I wanted to try.  If you go over to her website, [...], there is a much easier to read list of flavors and types of coffee that she has in stock.  After purchasing, I immediately sent an email to the seller with my flavor requests. I received an email response shortly after and everything was packed and ready to go less than three hours later!  How's that for customer service? And the shipping was lightning fast!  I just received my package today (Monday) after ordering Thursday night.  All cups are accounted for and I'm already enjoying one of the cups I received.  If you are new to Keurig, or want to experiment with some new flavors, this is a wonderful way to pick exactly the ones you want!
I have two indoor small dogs, Poodle and Maltese, and they have high anxiety, especially my maltese and these seem to help! Even if it doesnt they sure love 'em. My maltese before he ate it set it down and rolled all over it, I think he likes it! I'd give it 5 stars but its just a little pricey.
This product is very flavorful and you don't need much of it in your recipe it's really strong, it's organic.
I used this in making a wedding cake for some friends.  It tasted awesome mixed into the fodant!  I would purchase other flavorings from this vendor.
arrived on time,smells like a good addition to my baking supplies.  came in excellent condition.  will use in syrups, etc.
We have been looking for pesto that tastes as good as what we had in Tuscany. This is from the same region as our favorite. The consistency is just a bit runny. It has moderate chunks of garlic. It was quite tasty!
This hit my sweet cravings perfectly. Definitely keeping this around. Yum.  I would definitely reccomend this to anyone wanting a quick snack that isn't a lot of calories.  Get the 94% fat free and it's only 100 calories.
I really liked this popcorn, and the price is much better than purchasing at a regular supermarket.  If you have at least a 1,000 watt microwave, it is best to use Power level 7 (70%) to start with, and set a timer for one minute until you arrive at the best power level and time for your particular microwave.  Otherwise, smoke or worse may lead you to believe this is a bad product.
This popcorn is great, and even comes in Smart Pop at lower calories. I always have both for the me and the grandkids.
I know the price varies for stage 1 foods but sometimes they are a lot cheaper on amazon then in the stores. I wasn't sure how many were in the package so I decided to just buy one.  There are 8 packs of 2 in this package so for the price, you are getting 16 containers.  I personally wasn't sure if I was getting a great price or paying slightly  more then if I went to the supermarket.  I like these gerber containers of baby food.  It's easier to get the food out, they do make some organic varieties, and you seem to get almost double the amount of food for the same price as jars.  If you only use half the lid snaps back on easy like a desposible food container.
These prunes saved so many of my baby's uncomfortable constipation days when he started on solids. The puree seems to be easier to consume than prune juice and we used to give it to our baby with yogurt. It soon became his favorite food and eased his symptoms.  I highly recommend this product to parents who are having a hard time with their babies' constipation.
Our pediatrician recommended we feed our constipated 6 month old prunes. He wasn't too thrilled with the taste but it did the job:P
I think BJs has a better deal on mixed fruit packs by Gerber, but if your child really loves peaches, this is great!
These are really awesome - the flavor is unexpected, but perfect; gives a boost to "plain old" pork rinds - lots more crunch with way less the calories of salt/vinegar chips!!!  In addition, the company is quite pleasant to deal with, and all the other products I've tried are delicious and a good bargain, too.
I found out about this spice blend in Dallas a few years back when I persuaded a waitress to tell me what the restaurant was using on the grilled shrimp.<br /><br />I like this Cajun spice for grilling fish. Recommend, but store it in a dry place and replace it every year or so at least, or it will lose its flavor.
We love this seasoning. Easy, fast and great on chicken, fish, pork, etc. Just melt a stick of butter and stir in this seasoning until it becomes a loose paste. Brush on protein, and sear on a hot pan. Cast iron is best. Always skin side down. when dark, place in a 400 oven until cooked to correct temp. Enjoy!
I ordered these gummi bears after first trying them at Yogurtland. I was a little weary about ordering them because of the last two reviews. But I received a perfectly packaged item. They were not melted and didn't have a powdery texture to any of the gummi bears. They are my husband's favorite! We have been enjoying them since we received them and I'll be ordering more for events that are coming up.
These baby gummy bears are by far the best I've ever had. I had first purchased the 1.5 lb bag here, on Amazon, but I realized as soon as it arrived that it wasn't going to be enough. However 5 lbs on a subscription basis? Oh yeah.
I bought these to add to my Easter favors. I love the colors for that reason - basic and pastel - all of which are different flavors.  I didn't eat any myself but my friends who received the favors LOVED them!  I have a Prime Account so the gummies shipped very quickly so there was no melting going on (other reviews mentioned this).  Can't complain about the price for a 5 pound bag. It was a great deal and if I needed buy gummies in bulk again I would definitely buy these mini bears.
My boyfriend tried these gummy bears at our favorite frozen yogurt place and said they were the best gummy bears ever. I sued them to tell me what kind they were and found them on amazon. Then bought a 5 lb. bag of them for him haha. He wanted to go get frozen yogurt every other day just for the gummy bears. Anyway, they are really flavorful gummy bears!
These bear cubs are great! They're just like the kind you can get at novelty candy stores only much cheaper than their $8-9/lb. In my opinion, the flavors of Albanese gummy bears are much better than Haribo's bears. I haven't experienced any powdery residue or a melted goop as previous reviewers had. My bears came to me in perfect condition and perfect packaging. If you like mini gummy bears, I suggest you give these a try.
These are the best gummie bears I have evvvveeerr had. We sell them where I work so I had to get my hands on some. The flavors are so vibrant and just pop in your mouth
I have 3 chihuahuas and I thought these would be better for them since they are smaller than a full ear. They still were too much for the little guys. I would say a dog 20-30+ pounds should be able to handle them better than my 8lb guys.<br />They had a strange smell and felt slightly oily to the touch. I don't know if that was something added to them to preserve them or it was natural.<br />My chihuahuas are fussy and they liked them I was just worried about blockages since they seemed to swallow large chunks of them. They didn't have any problems and my 4lb was able to handle them I just wouldn't buy them again since my guys are too small. The bags were a good size for the price. I bought three and should have bought one bag.<br />I rated them 4 stars since they were of good quality just better for larger dogs in my opinion.
When we lived in CA we found this packaged brownie mix at our local chi-chi grocery store. On am impulse we purchased them and made them that night. AMAZINGLY good. Made with a cube of butter so be warned! YUMMMY! We went back and bought all the packages on the shelf and had the owners reorder many times for us. We have since moved to another state and have been trying to hunt these down. What a pleasure to find them on our old haunt Amazon. Order, order, order so they will stay available here!
How can you not like this at what great price they sold it at? I also split it up and sent some to my daughter.  It is one of my favorite cooking spices along with oregano, but I tend to make alot of stews and soups.  One must have spice is Thyme of course.  The oregano is for tomato sauce along with basil...  This was a deal.
I dont take it to lose weight, this is a laxative tea, as all the ones labeled "weight loss tea" .I'm very constipated and taking this tea everyday has helped me very much, with no cramps or other negative effects. It's strong and dont recommend it for ocassional constipation or for losing weight. Warning: when it works you "have" to go.
Fennel tea is the best herbal tea I have been able to find and Seelect is the best-tasting brand of those I have tried.
I actually, Gasp, tried this stew. I got to try this at the Texas Scottish Festival in Arlington earlier this year at the Caladonian Kitchen booth (then bought a few cans). The stew was quite good considering it comes from a can. Probably a fairer star rating would be 5 stars, if comparing just against other canned stews. I'm not entirely fair though, because I'm comparing it against stews I've had at irish restuarants. So, I have had better. But, still a good product in it's own right. I also liked the whiskey cake from the same company.
My 2 cats really like this cat food best of all! I have regular deliveries in order to be sure to have an ample amount available.
This is the only flavor my cat will eat.  She goes<br />crazy over this flavor.  I think because it is easy<br />to eat instead of a big chunk.  This looks like little<br />square slices of beef.  It smells good too.  Whenever<br />I open a can of this, she comes running!  She's meowing<br />at me repeatedly if she sees the can in my hand, and I<br />imagine that she is saying "Hey, hurry up and open that<br />can! I know what you got there.  You can't fool me.<br />Gimme that yummy food!"  But of course, she's saying<br />that in cat language.  Because I love her, I can totally<br />understand what she's saying.  What cat lover doesn't?<br />We definitely have that connection with our cats, don't<br />we?  To her, Tender Slices is the ultimate gourmet meal.
This product is positively wonderful!  Use it anywhere you might use ordinary balsamic, but use it sparingly as it packs a very fruity punch.  Apply just a bit to some fresh berries and pour it over vanilla ice cream for a fantastic desert treat.
i had these on the airline and was so excited to not have the juice! i spent a month in italy and bought the olives w out juice but they seem to be hard to find in the USA...these are great since there is no juice! you can take them anywhere and not worry about the mess. i have been super happy with these. the flavor is pretty bold so I only eat 1-2 packs a week. I am going to try another flavor. i definitely recommend trying them! i love olives and this is a great idea
Although I like olives, often I only want 3 or 4 due to their intense flavor. These olives have a great flavor that keeps you coming back for more. I love to snack on them at work and have no problem finishing the whole package each time.
These olives are delicious! They are not overwhelmingly spicy.  My 8 year old son just ate an entire bag today for a snack.  They are not packed in juice but are moist and flavorful.  The bags are small enough that they are perfect for tossing in a lunch box or bag.  The calories listed for consuming the entire bag is only 100.
Olives are yummy and a good diet snack, but I just can't quite give this 5 stars. Why?<br /><br />Because first of all, the flavor is occasionally too overly strong with some of the packs I've picked up. I love the taste of chili powder mixed with olives, but sometimes the flavor just isn't as consistent from pack to pack. I'm fine with some changes in taste, but some packs have it packed on while others have been fairly weak. This isn't enough to keep me away from this flavor, but it can be aggravating.<br /><br />The only other issue I have is that I wish that this was resealable. I don't often eat all of these in one sitting and I don't really like having to bring a second bag with me in order to seal up the portion I don't eat. It would be nice if the bag was resealable via a ziplock top or a small piece of adhesive fixed to the bag. I didn't deduct a star for this, but it's something I'd like to see.<br /><br />Otherwise this is a great product. The olives are always freshly kept in the bag and are of a good size. There's no puny little olives here, which I like because it's easy to get full when I eat these as a snack.
The smell alone will make you salivate, it is that good. It comes with rock sugar mixed in, so I don't ever use any added sweeteners.
I needed something that would last a long time. My dog cannot stop chewing, she has to have something in her mouth. She eats anything that she can get in her mouth. rock, plants,wood chips, walnuts, apples, grasses. These work really good. I'm order somemore on line here, petsmart quit caring them. I also found out that pork in better for your dog. Instead of beef bone or anything with beef.
It's difficult to find 20 words to say about Mauna Loa Macadamia Nuts, Milk Chocolate Toffee, other than DELICIOUS. They didn't last long. I'm not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing.
First, Yuban is my favorite coffee. To be able to buy a case and save is great. The coffee was in date, the seals on the cans were excellent, and the freshness of the coffee was excellent. I will definitely buy more Yuban coffee when I need it from Amazon groceries.
I got a case of Yuban cans from Amazon for an amazing price and now that I've been reintroduced to Yuban I'm sticking with it.  It's Colombian which is the coffee I prefer anyway but Yuban  must have a special formula for roasting and grinding that results in such excellent coffee.  Cans have the foil seals that you can peel off so you don't need to use a can opener and of course plastic lids to reseal.  Sniffing this coffee as I scoop it into my coffee maker is half the delight!!  Just so excellent and suits my tastes perfectly.  Buying the case is very convenient too!!!!
This is the coffee we crave in our house. It is a strong brew, yet not bitter. Yuban is the best ground coffee we have tasted, yet.
And a great price from amazon. My wife and I had dinner last night at a very high end restaurant and while everything was magnificent we both thought the coffee wasn't as good as our Yuban. I often wonder about Starbucks whose coffee I find undrinkable. My son says it's an acquired taste.
While working as a busboy in a high end resturant in the 1960's the resturant ran low on coffee. The manager sent me out to purchase YUBAN and only YUBAN saying it was the BEST! I have been drinking YUBAN for nearly 50 years and have always found it to be an exceptionally rich, smoothe Columbian coffee. There can only be one! YUBAN!
Great Price, The best Maxwell House makes. It is a very good coffee for the price, less then $3.50 a can.
I love the taste of this coffee.  It does not have a bitter taste and the size of the can, which per ounce is the same as if you bought the large can, keeps it fresher as a smaller amount is exposed to the air.
My Dad has been a Yuban fan for as long as I can remember. The stronger the better! When you break the spoons stirring it, it's just right! He even goes so far as to plan his shopping and the stops on the trips that he takes, at stores that serve Yuban coffee. Why, I don't know, I'm a sweet-tea-ice-no-lemon guy so I have no opinion on coffee, Yuban or not, one way or another. I can say that it smells good brewing but then so does Play-Doh and some of the old magic markers. I'm just trying to report about what I've been exposed to.<br />Here I buy the packs of 12, every 6 months for him and give them to him at Christmas and Father's day. They stay fresh and save the public from being exposed to the mad, half-clothed emergency trips to the store that my 70 year Widower father makes to score the base component for his and the "house guest of the moment's" (see *1 below) daily ritual sunrise aperitifs. We've asked about his dedication to Yuban coffee to which he replies, "it's perfect black, but better with something in it!" He is apparently referring to its flavor when mixed with any of the typical 'southern flavorings' (taxed and untaxed, regulated and unregulated) that he occasionally adds to his morning brew. He is definitely one satisfied customer and it makes my life easier (one less present to find each occasion) so take his actions and my word for it!<br /><br />(*1)...If she only comes over for breakfast it sure seems like a long way to drive, and please, tell me again, why does she bring so many clothes? No sir, I did not know that, do tell. When exactly did the CDC recommend showering before breakfast?
7/11/07: Great pre-ground Coffee in small enough containers to stay fresh until used.  I drink a lot of coffee, so the convenience of having one rich enough to buy pre-ground coffee means a lot to me.  On my own I go through one can a week so Amazon, let's make this a subscription !  Be sure to check the free shipping or you might get a shock though...haha.<br /><br />6/16/09: Gotta say the price has gone up on this way too much!  I ordered a case at $50 and checked the local supermarket - they were 87 cents per CAN cheaper!
Yuban is one of the best coffees available, but not sold in all areas. Amazon's case price is unbeatable!!  I get a case every 8 weeks, always on time!!
This coffee reminds me of Dunkin Donuts coffee, which is all the rage now.  I like both DD and Yuban about equally, but I opt for Yuban because of the price.  This is really great coffee at a reasonable price.  It's a light roast.  If you've never tried Yuban, maybe try one can before committing to the 12-pack.  If you've tried it and like it, then you know this is a good deal.
I love cofee.  Yuban is one of the better ones. Maxwell House is also not too bad and there are some other ones that are pretty decent.  Yuban is rich, robust, and stronger than most other coffees I have tried yet not bitter. Overall, I highy recommend it.
I first tasted yuban while visiting my brother 20 years ago. he offered me a cup of coffee one morning, and I really liked it. It had a taste that was way different than I was used to. I asked him what it was and he said yuban and to my suprise, it also was decaf. I have never liked decaf, but this was better than any coffee I had ever tasted. We were all in Yuma for the winter. when we got home, we started drinking yuban decaf. I have since switched back to regular yuban, but my wife still uses decaf. we were drinking maxwell house at the time. Found out later that yuban is part of maxwell house. Yuban costs about a penny a pot more that I am more than ready to pay for the better taste. maxwell house is great coffee, and my 2nd choice. we carry our own coffee and coffee makers with us when we travle. We live in S W missouri and can only find yuban regular here, so we order it from amazon, and have had good luck dealing with them. We have had several friends switch to yuban after tasting ours.
What can I say.  It's our favorite brand of coffee, it's affordable, and it's delivered to our door!  I think that pretty much sums it up.
Yuban is a smooth,rich tasting coffee. Unable to purchase this product in the retail stores in the Chicago area. The price of the coffee is very reasonable. The twelve ounce cans keep the coffee fresh. I am very pleased with this product and will purchase it through Amazon again when I run out of Yuban.
We've been drinking Yuban since 1979 and find this the most convenient way to get it. The price is great and it faithfully comes every month.  If we are having guests we can bump up the order.  Fantastic.
We were looking for a smooth, rich, non-acidic, non-bitter coffee when we came upon Amazon's reviews for Yuban coffee.  Well, we've been buying Yuban Original Roast Ground Coffee from Amazon for about a year now, and folks, what can we say, it's still the best tasting coffee around.  Coupled with our marvelous Bunn coffee maker (also an Amazon purchase) which makes a fresh, hot pot of coffee in 3 minutes, it just doesn't get any better than this.<br />Keep checking back weekly to see what the going price is (it fluctuates up and down quite a bit) and when you can catch it at a great deal, buy some.  You won't be disappointed.
Best coffee in the world.  When you open a can and sniff ---- ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!<br /><br />Can't go wrong with Yuban.
This coffee is better than McDonalds, StarBucks, Atlanta Bread, Folgers, Maxwell House and almost as good as Standard Coffee that is served in up scale restaurants only and cannot be purchased privately.  It has a great smooth taste. We have a hard time finding it in SC.  It is manufactured in CA on the west coast.  I called Yuban today and they could tell me what stores in my area have sold it in the last 30 days.<br />You can also purchase it on line is what I did for 12 cans.  The price beat the price I pay at the grocery store and I had free shipping!!!!!WooHoo!!!!!! Enough to last the rest of the winter and spring.  Try it!  You will Love it!
Very good coffee.  Can't always find it in our local stores, so I order it thru Amazon every 3 months
They have this coffee at where I work... and before this, they had this horrible folgers coffee which HAD to be diluted with sweetner and creamer... I can actually drink this black because it's actually good! It tastes like a coffee that was brewed from a cafe, not just your coffee machine at home. Good stuff.
This particular type of Yuban coffee is a mild, flavorful coffee that can be enjoyed in the morning or anytime.  It's the coffee my mother seems to prefer over all others.  Not always available in stores, I was thrilled when I found it for sale by Amazon!
If you like strong coffee, this is it!  The flavor is exceptional, I have not found better in a can.  This can be expensive and difficult to find at your local store.  I have had great luck with Amazon, good price for the subscription order (you can get a case a couple times a year and still get the reduced rate).  Amazon also has a wonderful return policy!<br />Try Yuban if you love strong coffee and have not found the coffee for you, this may be it!  We have been drinking it for 10+ years now & have had the Original, Organic and Dark Roast---I dont have a preference, they are all excellent.
My husband and I recently moved here from Las Vegas to Steeler Nation. We have tried ever coffee on the shelves at all the supermarkets far and wide. We had been drinking Yuban for at least 10 years in Las Vegas. We called the District Manager for Kraft and found out that East Coast people don't like it or were not accustomed to it. West of the Mississippi is where you'll find it. So we had to order by the case load to satisfy our drinking pleasure. We got the best deal from<br />Amazon; and it arrived very quickly without paying anything extra in shipping fees.  Time to order it again!!
This ground coffee is almost as good as fresh-ground coffee beans.  My husband is a coffee snob and he loves this coffee.  I have to admit the fresh ground is better, but Yuban makes a really good ground coffee.  Don't waste your money on Folger's or Maxwell House, this is the best ground coffee out there.
We just love Yuban coffee and there is not a store where we live that has Yuban for sale.  I was delighted to discover that I could order it at Amazon.com by the case and always keep it in our pantry.  The only thing that could be any better would be that I could get Yuban beans so I could grind it myself as I make a pot of coffee.
Yuban has been my coffee of choice for 20 years. The price at Amazon is very good. I recommend this product for any coffee lover.
I can no longer find Yuban on the Grocery shelfs.It is by far the best coffee Delicious flavor and no acid I would highly recommend Yuban
A 25% price increase since the end of November, from $37.28 to $46.65. Is it still a bargain?<br /><br />Now we've passed the $50 mark, which comes out to $5.57 per pound. I pay $5-6 per pound for fresh-roasted beans in five-pound lots.<br /><br />If the rating were just for the price, I would make it three stars.
Very good product, will purchase over and over again. A convenient way to purchase.
My friend at work and I both eat sunflower seeds quite frequently. We always try new types when we find them. He came back from out-of-town with these a few weeks ago, and we're both hooked. They are definitely the best sunflower seeds either of us has had. Not only is the flavor fantastic, but the seeds themselves are top notch. First, they're HUGE. Second, there are surprisingly few broken or empty shells. Third, as of yet I've never had a mushy, foul-tasting seed. Sadly, we can't find anywhere around us that sells them, so I'm glad Amazon does. I'm really looking forward to trying the other flavors from this company as well. He brought more back from out-of-town today...I'm eating them now, and that is what prompted me to look online for a place to order from.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000LDOMT6">Salt & Pepper Flavored GIANTS Sunflower Seeds</a><br /><br />I found these seeds in a local store only to fall in love with them and then find the store no longer supplied them. I am so glad they can be purchased at Amazon. WARNING!!! They will ruin your desire for any other kind of sunflower seeds! GREAT!
These sunflowers seeds are of a great quality in every bag and the flavor of the Salt & Pepper is very bold.  I love these and the shipping service from the company has been great every time I have ordered.
I have ordered this product twice now and the service and product have been great.  Would order again !!!<br />Price of product was comparable to others. Thank you....
Bought these at a local store due to the great ingredients with none of the bad chemicals, and have been waiting for them to be in stock here. I'll definitely buy more when they are available, as they are the best shortbread cookies I've ever had, my son agrees, and I love that they're basically as good as you could get if you made them yourself, with ingredients you can pronounce and won't kill you. :)  SO delicious!!!
I gave these packs out as Christmas goodies, but saved myself one.  Delicious!  The gifts were well received also.
I started getting this Folger's Half Caff coffee from Amazon because our small town stores don't always have it.  It comes in one pound vacuum sealed packs so it stays super fresh and it just fills my canister with one bag.  I like not having to get rid of all those plastic cans and I have it automatically sent to the door so I don't have to deal with those last minute trips to the store and find they are out. What a boon for rural, small town people like me.
I love this coffee!!  I had always mixed my decaf and regular to get 1/2 caffeine and now I can just buy it!!  Perfect amount for me. I enjoy the flavor of coffee!<br /><br />These vacuum sucked packages make it easy to store and use. It keeps the coffee fresh!!  I use then to refill another container and it works well for me!!
This is a terrific deal for a coffee lover that needs to cut back on his/her caffeine consumption.  Great tasting coffee and great deal.  Can spend over $5 for it at the grocery store.  I get mine by the subscription plan for a little over $4 plus no tax.
Oh boy, These are a winner at my house.  We used to buy them locally, but they are no longer carried.  :(<br />My husband found these after trying other brands and these are the ones.  My son loves them as well.  They were delivered quickly and were fresh.  They said they almost had a pop to them.  We will definitely order these again.  They are heavy, so shipping was a little high, although we hope they will come back to W.
I love Wasa Crisp 'n Light crackers! As their name suggests, they do have a very light and crisp texture.  They are still strong enough to support hummus or other spreads you may like to use.  However, they are also very delicious by themselves.  Sometimes you just want something to crunch without wasting a lot of calories on chips or other fattening foods, and a stick of celery isn't what you had in mind.  I keep these in the pantry all the time. They are low sodium and contain just 20 calories per cracker.
These are very healthy 7 grains and very light and crispy, perfect with dips or salsa.  Tastes just like rice cake.  They are very easy on the teeth too, for those who have dental work that they don't want to chip. Hard to find in supermarkets.
We are trying to curb our carbohydrates.  The Wasa Crisp'n Light is a big help.  Especially when you need something crisp.  We have and will continue to order this product.  Thanks Amazon for selling this tasty cracker.
Hubby and I both have teeth that can't handle anything too seedy or hard. I also lost 81 lbs (so far) doing a lower carb diet (not LOW, but LOWER). I pretty much skip bread these days--and cereal, etc--but I don't mind using up some of my starch/carb calories on these. So versatile. To dip. To make cracker sandwiches. To use breakfast type spreads on (when a craving for bagels/toast hits). I love them with hummus, with cheese, cracked over soup, topped with egg salad, with neufchatel and sugar-free preserves (I use Nature's Hollow). They are so nice to have with my breakfast omelettes.<br /><br />Even my super picky hubby likes them. We both adore the texture. Oh, man. How perfect. The lightness that preserves a nice, gentle crispness.<br /><br />Wasa, please don't ever stop making these.<br /><br />I like this one and the mild rye. Both are now staples here. Satisfy my bread needs without a ton of carbs. And since I restrict myself to 1200 calories, two of these do little damage to my eating plan at 20 calories each. I also like to watch my sodium (middle-aged and almost off blood pressure meds), and these don't pack on the salt.<br /><br />Thumbs up!<br /><br />Now, if they could make one that's like an everything bagel--an everything crispbread light and crispy version with the onion/garlic/sesame seed/poppyseed. How cool would that be? (Or maybe they already have, dunno.)<br /><br />Update: I don't eat gluten anymore, so I don't buy this product these days. For those who don't care about grains/gluten, I can still recommend it based on texture/taste/calories. But not for me as I'm trying to stay gluten-free. Be well...
I love the light texture and the taste kind of reminds me of chex cereal which is a good thing. It makes a great snack, I use Laughing Cow cheese wedges spread it on and lay down some spinach or radishes with smoked sardines or tuna. Delicious! Or instead of using a crostini to make bruschetta, I use these crackers. And if I'm too lazy to make stuff, I just snack on it by itself.
The title just about says it all.  These crackers (crispbread, if you will) are light and airy and come in around 4 grams of carb each.  I cut them into 8 pieces with a sharp knife and use them for dips, as well as "conveyers" for cheese and other goodies.  They have become my favourite snack.  Yes, they are bland, but I like the fact they pick up the flavour of what they are served with and don't overpower.
These crackers are very delicious, have a wonderful texture, adapt well to any spread, and they are only 20 calories each--great for people watching their calories.  They are very satisfying, and they contain whole grains in a tasty form.
I really do love these crackers. They are crisp, tasty and low in calories. I have been eating them with a small bit of mayo and potted meat in the morning with my cappuccino. They have helped me lose weight. Regardless of that fact, I just like the taste.
Both my wife and I have been using this product for well over a year. We love it! It is one of seven or eight varieties made by this producer. Recently, each of the other flavors have been available at our local markets, but, for some reason, these markets have been unable to obtain this flavor. I was excited to find it on Amazon.com, and obtain a generous supply with no hassle, and with convenient shipping direct to my home. Comparable products don't seem to have the same flavor or consistency, and this one, mixes well with any number of cheeses and/or jellies/jams at snack time.
These crackers are certainly Crisp and Light. I am a low-carb eater and am happy to have something crunchy to munch on while watching my carbs (4 net carbs per cracker for Atkin's followers). If you are used to buying different flavors in the grocery store, the ones that come in the kind of flimsy paper wrapping, these actually arrived in a more sturdy cardboard box. For the people complaining about bland taste, I think the point is to put stuff on them not necessarily eat them as is. I like that they have a very mild flavor so as not to overpower what you put on them, you can top with something savory or sweet. My favorite toppings are cream cheese, ham and cheese, chicken salad or sugar-free preserves (they are sturdy enough to stand up to spreading cold cream cheese on them).
I buy these at a local grocery store, not from amazon.com.<br /><br />They are absolutely lovely. Light and crisp, they're like naked Cheetos, that are actually fairly healthy. They can be topped with most anything, sweet or savory. Great for midnight snacks, afternoon snacks, or crumbled up in tomato soup at lunch or dinner. Wish they'd make them in flavors, they'd beat the pants off most "diet" snacks I've ever seen!
While visiting my daughter in Seattle, WA she introduced me to these wonderful Wasa wafers (alliteration intentional).  I really like them and they are an ideal substitute for bread.  I couldn't find this product in the stores around Fresno, CA.  I decided to give Amazon a try and sure enough, they came through.  I subscribed to have shipments sent to my home quarterly and again Amazon came through.  You AMAZE me!<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000EUJLHE">Wasa Crisp 'n Light 7 Grain, 4.9-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 10)</a>
My daughter absolutely loves this stuff and she is a very picky eater.  It is also hard to find in the supermarket.
I bought these one time at my local Safeway and absolutely loved them.  I dipped them in a creamy cucumber dressing and the combination was awesome.  Next time I went to buy a box... gone, not even a spot on the shelf where they might have been sold out.  This happens to me frequently -  I find a product and really like it and then the next time I go to purchase it, it's gone.  I looked for these Crisp 'n Lights at all our large grocers and other stores like Target and Rite Aid.  No luck.  Fortunately, I picked up a case here on Amazon and will covet every box.
I love these so much I'd give them a 10-star.  I love them so much I have an Amazon subscription so they get mailed to me regularly.  I discovered them at Henry's but they're the only cracker on the shelf that are always sold out so when I saw the 10 pack here I was so happy.<br /><br />I eat them as a bread substitute with everything!  Can't go wrong with the calories and they don't have a strong flavor to mask the food so really they can be eaten however way you like.  Endless possibilities ...
Wasa has a great line of 'crackers', but these have become my favorite. They are light but not wimpy. Their flavor is fairly neutral so they don't conflict with whatever you choose to put on them. And for me, the calorie count was the final winner...only 20 calories per cracker and low sodium. A winner all the way around and Amazon has the absolute best price!
these crackers are perfect...you know why?<br />because they have a subtle light flavour that doesn't overpower whatever you're eating on top of them...whether it be guacamole, hummus, or mustard and cheese...  :)
We love these crackers for our salmon spread.  They have just the right flavor and crispness to enjoy the taste of the spread.  And they're healthy!
This Crackers are so good. They have very little calories, very little fat and still they are crunchy and creamy. I'm on a diet right now and these really help me on my craving moments. Depending on my caving I can eat them plain or with turkey or a spread. My kids and their friends love them too and eat them with cream cheese which makes a very healthy snack. Buying them on Amazon was a great idea because they cost less, they are fresher than in stores and I don't even have to go to the store to get them.
I bought Wasa Crisp'n light crackers at my local supermarket yesterday because they were out of the Wasa rye crackers I usually by - that I really like. This was the last box and I am so happy I bought it!  I love these!  I enjoy most of the crackers by this company, but this is now my absolute favorite and I plan on buying it through Amazon because it is cheaper, I can save time and gas physically shopping and the convenience (Amazon has great customer svc.) is what I appreciate!  By the way, I enjoy these crackers plain and I've eaten them with salmon cooked lightly in olive oil and capers and it was superb!
We love this crisp bread because it's made from 7 whole grains, does not contain any corn syrup and stays fresh for weeks after being opened. It's soft yet crunchy and tastes great. Can only recommend and will definetly buy again.
Since I am counting calories I find Wasa crisp'n light very tasty. You can eat three of them and feel like you are eating a lot more than you really are. I think the taste is great and have told all my friends about them.
once I tried these I was hooked. good healthy food that tastes good alone or with tuna or seafood salad. light crispy and melts in your mouth.
Great low-carb alternative, they arrived fresh, and unbroken, I'm satisfied with Amazon and with purchase again.
As a person who has metabolic syndrome (and my roommate has insulin resistance), we both always have to watch our carb intake.  Giving up foods such as pasta, potatoes and most breads has been a very difficult, but also a very necessary part of my life over the past several years.  I've tried lots of other low-carb crackers (including other Wasa crackers), but they've just been so-so.  About six months ago, I picked up a Wasa Crisp 'n Light cracker for the first time and WOW, what a taste!  Spread a little bit of Earth Balance on it, or some low-fat cheese and it's absolutely melt-in-your-mouth delicious!  I'm so glad that I can get a case every three months through my Amazon subscription.
When I was diagnosed with diabetes 5 years ago, I thought I was doomed to a bland diet for life. Not true! Especially, when I found Wasa Crisp & Lights, it solved some of my problem. With a thin coat of "You Won't Believe It's Not Butter" and thin slices of banana, I have a desert or tasty snack; without the banana, I can just eat them as bread, and they are so light and thin with the spread; they are so tasty, and I don't feel guilty after eating them. I can put cooked or raw tomato on them, with a dash of sage & basil to add to the flavor. I have successfully kept my blood sugar normal consistently with diet control. I am not doomed to a bland diet, after all.<br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000EUJLHE">Wasa Crisp 'n Light 7 Grain, 4.9-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 10)</a>
These little gems are only 20 calories each and almost fat free, and taste way better than a rice cake, IMHO.  I'm glad they come in packs of 10 boxes because otherwise the husband and kids would eat them all and there'd be none left for me!
I love these crackers.  They're perfect when you want the light crunchy snack without the calories of other crackers.  They're good topped with lox or cinammon and sugar.
I love these light, airy crackers. Three of them are only 60 calories-on WW, just 1 pt! Spread with reduced fat peanut butter, just 3 pts. A light part of a light lunch! I used to buy them at the supermarket, but they don't always have them. When I found them on Amazon, I was thrilled! And using the automatic reorder feature, saved me 15% and no cost shipping! Woo-hoo!. Might I add, you can change the frequency of that at any time.
I think these are a bit boring (I like my cooked peas at least salty and preferably spice-enabled) but they do undeniably taste like peas, and my toddler begs for them ("peas! peas!"). I suspect she likes the crunchiness. I bought a single package to try them out and bought the multi-pack today. I think they'd probably be good in homemade trail mix, too.
I order these peas and they came fast. the product<br />has a good flavor and I am very happy with the peas.<br />I will order with them again
Great snack and good on salads.  It's dried peas, what else can I say?
Just wanted to compliment this company on their great, prompt service and the freshness of the cookies.. Bought them to give as a gift, and when i brought them home my kids ate them lol. I would recommend these cookies to anyone and everyone..
This is absolutely the best sauce for making Carolina BarB Q. I,ve looked for a long time and am glad that I finally found the best.
I have been using this Peppered Gravy Mix for years. I found it at a Wonder Bread discount store at least 15 years ago. It is the best you could ever make. I always made from scratch, but I believe this is even better. Unless I tell them, no one knows it wasn't made from scratch. So easy, and can use it for pork sausage, chicken, even ground beef. If you haven't tried it, you don't know what you are missing. Good price, best taste.
This mix makes a gravy that taste like your good ole southern grandmother made the gravy. No more lumps and everyone thinks you made it from scratch. If you are thinking about it you have to try this. It is the best thing since the invetion of peanut butter
This gravy is great!  1/4 cup has only 50 calories and 6 grams of carbs, which has helped my husband loose over 20 pounds.  How?  Well the low carbs helped, but the main feature that makes low-cal/low-carbs part of the formula work, is the great taste.  This gravy has got a peppery tang that makes it just right for spicing up eggs or chicken or anything else you might through a white pepper gravy over.<br /><br />And I don't know if you have tried other packaged sauces, but I have, and generally they aren't very good even when freshly made.  Worse, these sauces tend to get 'strange' in the fridge overnight.  (Oddly watery, or jell-like... yuck)  This S&M Gravy mix doesn't do that, which means that it's good for several meals.<br /><br />Highly recommended for the gravy-challenged.  My southern reared husband is a content... and thin.<br /><br />Pam T~<br />mom, reviewer at large, and wife to gravy lover
My wife always made her own gravy from scratch and is good at it. However, this gravy is fantastic, idiot proof (even I can make it) and reminds me of my grandma's cooking. My wife loves it and this will definitely be a new staple for our cupboard.
My wife use to make homemade peppered gravy which would take a long time to make and a big mess also.  When we discovered this pepper gravy, we decided that there was no need for the time and mess to make homemade as this was as close as you can get to homemade and again without all the time and mess.  As indicated by others, the addition of other ingredients such as sausage is also quite simple.  We would highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys peppered gravy.
Forever for the perfect easy peasy gravy mix.  This is my fave!  Tastes just like the restaurant ones I love so much;  Like Bob Evans, and IHOP.
This is a very delicious gravey mix. I add a pound or so of browned, drained breakfast sausage after it is heated and serve over bisquits. It is super fast and easy. I serve with cut up fresh fruit and there you have a simple, quick breakfast or brunch meal! I would highly recommend.
We were looking for a tasty, spicey gravey mix.  When searching the internet we saw this item and<br />decided to try it.  What a lucky find.  It is all we anticipated and more, being easy to prepare as well<br />as tasty and spicey.  Now we need look no further.  When we run out we know where to go to order<br />it.
The gravey is wonderful.  It taste just as good and the one from Scratch.  Except it is not as greasy
We love this stuff!!! I use it in my heat and eat breakfasts I make in advance so I don't have to cook every morning. My wife uses it for all kinds of recipes including just as really good gravy. We used to buy it all the time in California but it's not sold locally so we have to mail order it. MUCH less expensive from Amazon even over the manufacturer. For us the larger 4.5 Oz size is much more economical than the 2.5 Oz.
Very good taste and a good price, no sales tax, no shipping charges and delivered to my door
This is by far the best Peppered Country Gravy mix you can buy!  I have tried them all(almost).  It is also very diverse in what you can do with it..  Add sausage for sausage gravy, chicken broth and chicken for an awesome creamy chicken gravy.  Same with turkey, ham, etc..  Nothing compares to SM's mixes, unless you make it from scratch and are good at it.
Absolutely amazing! This gravy wins over any other hands down for that good ole down home country taste!<br /><br />My neighbor & I frequently eat meals together. Yesterday I slow-cooked pork chops in about 3 cups of water, with diced potatoes, onion, pepper, frozen speckled butter beans, & parsley, sage & a can of cream of chicken soup for seasoning. She made mashed potatoes & after removing the pork chops, added a pack of this gravy mix to the sauce right in with the beans & diced potatoes for a lovely rich gravy. I don't recall a meal like it since my grandmother's house! We saved the leftover gravy, and tonight we're cooking chicken & corn to serve with it!<br /><br />I now have this saved so we can keep ourselves in gravy heaven! Thank you Amazon.com for carrying this & Southeastern Mills for a quality, reasonably priced, fantastic gravy!
The Southern Mills gravy is  a very satisfying gravy for an easy fast topping for either bisquits or hashbrown potatoes.<br /><br />The mix is easy to use and there are never any left overs. It hits the table and it is gone.... everyone seems to love it.
This is such a nice change from ordinary ketchup. More pizzaz! I've been putting it on everything...... it's great on eggs and hash browns. I'm glad I bought 6 bottles. Shared some, and am going through the rest pretty fast. It's hard to find locally.
Our local grocery stores no longer carry Tobasco Ketchup, so went out to the internet and found it on Amazon.  I don't use ketchup all the time for everything, but when I do, I like it spicy.  Good stuff.  I don't know why our local grocers do not carry it any more.  This seller delivered the product in a timely manner as well.
Really good quality tea.  Much superior to Twinings as tea.  The releasable plastic lined paper bag is much superior to the tins to keep excess air out.  This is important so the tea won't oxidize.  The tins look nice, but they hold too much air and don't reseal like a plastic zip seal.
Beautiful clear reddish in the cup and delicious with no off taste or "bite".  Recommended without hesitation.  Just opened the bag, and I'm ordering some more already.
This product is delicious.  I will say this upfront - Thou semi messy (why not place the peanut butter in the center??? Instead on the back?)  The taste is great.  So great that I started to eat them all day -- not good as it ruins the enjoyment!!!<br /><br />These are actually so good I had to stop eating them!!! (I guess I over did it!!!)<br /><br />Value:  Excellent snack for everyone (all my friends love them) / family.<br /><br />Shipping:  Fast (as always with Amazon Prime membership - 2 days)<br /><br />Packaging:  6 Boxes Total - each contains 6 individually wrapped granola "thins"  (1/3 of granola bar but flat with peanut butter on one side [seriously).<br /><br />Also do not ruin the granola as I did by eating every day!!! Also I notice to avoid mess just open with scissors!!! (pealing makes a mess!!!)<br /><br />[...]  Exclusively
Perfect mid morning snack for someone like me who is currently doing a meal replacement drink for breakfast. One of these and piece of fruit is just what you need to get you to through to lunch.
HAVE TO SAY I USED TO EAT THE NATURE VALLEY PEANUT SWEET AND SALTY BARS,THEN WHEN THESE GRANOLA THINS CAME OUT AND I TRIED THEM,I JUST CAN'T STOP EATING THEM. THE PEANUT BUTTER FAVOR IS MY FAV.TRIED THE DARK CHOCOLATE AND WASN'T TOO IMPRESSED BUT I SWEAR I COULD EAT A WHOLE BOX IN ONE DAY OF THE PEANUT BUTTER FLAVOR IF I LET MYSELF.I HAVE READ OTHER REVIEWS ABOUT THEM BEING MESSY AND THEY ARE A LITTLE BUT THAT DOESN'T STOP ME FROM ENJOYING THEM.THEY ARE A LITTLE CRUMBLY AND THE PEANUT BUTTER STICKS TO YOUR FINGERS A LITTLE BUT WHO CARES.THE PEOPLE WHO SAID THE PEANUT BUTTER STUCK TO THE WRAPPER MUST BE STORING THEM IN VERY HOT ENVIRONMENTS.I HAVE NOT HAD THIS PROBLEM AT ALL! LOVE,LOVE,LOVE THEM!!!  TRY THEM YOU WON'T REGRET IT.
As a Registered Nurse who is also diabetic, I especially like the convenience of the Nature Valley Granola Thins for a quick pick me up if I experience low blood sugars.  The best part of this product, though, is the taste!  The worst part is that the actual thin is 2-4 bites and gone...all deliciously, though.  They do make a log of crumbs so I suggest eating it over a saucer or napkin, don't miss morsel of this incredible product!!
These are so good and also healthy for a snack. Only 2 weight watcher point and 90 calories. When I was in Girl Scouts in the 60's there was a cookie like this Savannah it was an oatmeal crunchy sandwich cookie filled with peanut butter icing. The first bite I took I was back there. It was so good. I love that they are wrapped one to a pack and not double. I eat one everyday. They range from $2.98 to $3.89 a box in my area so the subscribe and save is the way to go. I tried the dark chocolate and they are also good but the memories the peanut butter ones bring with the flavor are my favorites.<br /><br />If you remember those cookies you will love these. If you like peanut butter and a healthy granola taste then hit the add to cart button fast. You will not regret it. YUMMMMMMMMMMY.
It's been a month or so since I read the other reviews but if I remember, some found them to be a bit messy to eat. I haven't had any problems, even when keeping a box on top of the fridge where it tends to get a little warm,, but the piece of plastic coated cardboard that covers the peanut side peeled off cleanly without any peanut butter sticking to it and I had no problems eating the peanut butter coated thin.  Would not recommend taking with you in your purse on a hot day as a snack however as I suspect they would get gooey if at higher than normal temperatures.  I just signed up for 1 month subscription so I won't run out...I did run out the first time and I missed them so now I'll have enough to last a month.  When I bought the first order, I couldn't find them in local stores but haven't looked lately since I'm using Amazon's subscription program.  Note that a single packet serving is not much food.  But I'm trying to control sugar intake and I have not found myself eating more than one at a time.  Maybe because the foil packet isn't the easiest to get off (not a problem) and it's not like caramel corn or Oreos where I can keep eating so many that I don't realize it until the package is empty.  I would recomment.
These are wonderful!  But, they are small, so I usually eat 2 at at time.  And... will melt easily and are hard to get off the paper.  So, I keep them in the fridge.  LOVE THEM!!
My first exposure to Patchi choclates was in Abu Dhabi, where Patchi stores are found aplenty. Now that we are back in the States, Amazon is the only place I've been able to find Patchi. Hooray! The chocolates are as rich and delicious as I remember. If you have never enjoyed Patchi chocolates - do yourself a favor and buy some!
My husband & I have always bought Lucini vinegar's but in todays economy we try to look for a substitution since Lucini is expensive. I hit the jackpot right off with Cherry Republic's Sweet Cherry Balsamic. My husband & I use the cherry vinegar straight up on our salad as dressing or on a plate of fresh sliced tomatoes so it can draw out the true flavor. This vinegar is even sweet enough to sprinkle on a bowl of fresh sliced fruit for an extra kick but tart enough to use as basting on your fried chicken or fish. You cant go wrong with this vinegar for the price.....so we say bye-bye Lucini's Cherry Balsamic, now to find a great pear vinegar to replace another Lucini type we use: any idea's?
We have been trying several chilis by small companies via Amazon and this one so far is our favorite.  I added some non-soy meat substitute crumbles and that gave it a very nice texture.
Purchased this product at a local store in NY and my kids and i love it. Its a quick easy meal. You can put in a toaster oven on toast for 6 min. and its ready to eat.<br />strongly recommend
I really love this oatmeal, it is such a lovely treat. Quick and easy to prepare and delicious as an ingredient for smoothies and even in flapjacks, a must buy!!
I am very excited that I have found this oatmeal.  It tastes great and it is quick to make.  When looking to go gluten free, so many of the books I was reading were offering eggs as a morning breakfast item.  I don't like eggs so my life seemed pretty much doomed to Silk milk smoothies.  This is a great breakfast option for me now.  My only gripe is that my grocery store cannot seem to keep it on the shelf so when I see if, I buy a couple of boxes.
My 2 GF/DF girls love this instant oatmeal. We have tried MANY MANY brands for a quick breakfast option and this one is by far the best. It is a bit sweeter than old fashion oatmeal, but not overbearing by any means!  Great start to the day!
I love oatmeal for breakfast, but it takes so long to prepare it and then sweeten it and add mix-ins that I usually don't have time. This instant granola is just about perfect. The only thing wrong with it is that it's a bit too sweet. When I don't have time to make oatmeal in the morning, I throw one of these packs into my bag and make it when I get to work. It's also a great portion manager; it takes the guesswork out of how much oatmeal is in one serving.
Yay an all natural Kids Gum .  NO BHT Preservative ! No dangerous artificial sweetners .  Tastes fine and not bad for you !
While beef stew is almost too easy to make, I will admit to not being great at replenishing my seasonings supplies as needed. Because seasonings and spices/herbs are so expensive, I keep putting off purchasing them and the list to replenish them just keeps getting longer and longer. Eventually, I don't have anything with which to work. As such, I planned 2 6-qt crock pots of beef stew for over the holidays to always have something hearty and warm on hand for family as they came/went.  Lo and behold, when I finished cutting up all the meat and veggies and loaded them into the crock pots, I had nothing on hand to actually flavor those main ingredients. So, sent hubby off to the grocery store for a quick cheat...McCormick's beef stew seasoning packets. Of course I never told him how many to get, and as he wanted to 'do it right the first trip', he got a handful of them. Actually, in error, he grabbed the ones I'd never seen before: the "SLOW COOKERS" item. Man, oh, man! To heck with buying expensive, one-jar spices to keep on hand for this meal. This product worked perfectly! Open packet, mix with 1 1/3 Cups water, pour over ingredients in crock pot, mix it up just once and let the cooker rip for a few hours. The stew was excellently cooked, beef was so tender one needed a spoon with which to lift it otherwise it would break apart and the veggies were tender but not mooshy. It was more than flavorful; the au jus was not too thick and not too thin - perfect for sopping up with homemade bread that, unlike my spices, is always available in this house.<br /><br />I liked it so much, as did the family members, I'm back to purchase the pack of 12 here to keep on hand as well as the "SLOW COOKERS" for pot roast. I confess, for these two meals from now on, I'm being lazy, but quick and efficient. No serious measuring, no countless bottles of assorted spices, no mess and a tremendous result.<br /><br />NOTE: I did use 2 packets for each 6-qt slow cooker for although there is an easy recipe on the reverse of the packet, I don't measure my meat and veggies. I use what I have on hand and once the crock pot is at least 3/4 full, that's when I usually throw in my seasonings. The recipe provided would not be enough for my family. I didn't notice any additional recommendations on the packets indicating how much for what size slow cooker. I began with just one packet dissolved in the recommended 1 1/3 Cups of water (I used boiling water to dissolve it quicker add some warmth to the slow cooker as it begins cooking), but after pouring it over all the meat and veggies in the first pot, I just didn't think 1 packet was enough as my family likes a lot of the 'gravy'.  Therefore, I added an additional prepared packet to each 6-qt crock pot which gave me perfect results.<br /><br />This product uses only natural spices, no MSG, 0g trans fat per serving and no artificial flavors.<br /><br />Edit: 1/2/10 - Another batch made for New Year's...this time, I reduced the amount of water per packet to 1 Cup (vs 1 1/3) and got thicker, more substantial 'gravy' vs  the usual 'au jus' consistency. The family liked it much, much better that way.
My mother and I have been trying to find Ground Celery Seed for some time now.  We have not been able to find it anywhere locally so I decided to purchase this product online.  Hesitant to purchase food items online, I placed my order.<br /><br />The product arrived well packaged and undamaged.  It was sealed and fresh.  If you are looking for a healthy alternative to Celery salt, try this instead.  You do not get the salty flavor and a more robust Celery flavor.<br /><br />I just wish McCormick would package this in a smaller container again.
I've been looking for ground celery seed for at least 2 years.  It used to be always be avaialbe at grocery stores with the rest of the spices, but for some reason stopped being there.  Regular celery seed is easy to find, but not the ground version.  So, I found online.  I wanted McCormick (or some familiar brand).  I'm very satisfied with what I ordered - it's very good and fresh.  My only complaint is that I couldn't purchase a smaller quantity than two large 16 oz containers.  I don't use that much, so gave away the one container to a friend, and it will take me years to use 16 oz container that I kept!  :)  But, happy to now have found.  Hope for others that McCormick decides to package in smaller quantities.
I've tried a number of high-quality canned cat foods to supplement the dry food my cats always have available to them, and these appear to be the best as judged by me and the cats.  For one thing, these actually look like fish.  You open the can, and there are large pieces of actual fish in the can, instead of the weird, mystery paste.  It pretty much smells like you've opened a can of real fish, too (not in a bad way, though I don't share my cats' love of sardines.)<br /><br />One of my two cats is a picky eater when it comes to canned food.  I picked up a can of each of the varieties from the local pet store when I wanted to try switching to Tiki Cat, and learned that the picky one will only eat the varieties that include sardines.  There are a few different sardine varieties, so at least it forces her to have some variety in her diet in case they stop producing one of them.<br /><br />The picky one has always been very excited about getting her daily quota of canned food, but the other cat seems way more excited about dinner time since we switched to Tiki Cat, so I take that as her endorsement of this positive review.
This food is so full of chunks that my cats just love.  They are normally on a variety of top quality pate foods, but I wanted to give them something to chew on and would take them longer than a few minutes to eat.  This is stuff kitty dreams must be made of for sure.  It is for both of mine anyway.
My two feline food critics just love these sardines, and I love being able to give them these sardines. Each tiny can is stuffed with great big chunks of sardine, and my cats are in heaven when they get this for dinner. This is super high quality cat food, a huge treat for any pampered pussycat out there who likes fish. It makes a very nice change from all the tuna based foods out there, and I try to always have some on hand so I can vary my cats' diet.
It's all natural real food that you can see the difference. My cat loves it so much that now we call him the tiki kitty.
The cats love it. I could live without the smell and seeing the pieces of cut up fish in it but the cats love it.Wish I would have purchased more the price was right and it is good quality food for them.
My finicky calico just LOVES this food.  One of the few wet foods she will actually eat. It is loved by our other three cats as well.  Will definitely be buying this again.
My cat Tigger eats this stuff up fast. Then he asks for more so I figure it must be good. This is not your typical cat food!
My cat loved this food for a long time. However, he has been picky lately. It's been harder and harder to get him to eat this, but the variety offered in this cat food is good and seemed to keep my cat healthy!
I tried Tiki Cat Variety Pack and the only one my cats really ate well was the Bora Bora Sardine Cutlets in Lobster Consomme. Maybe one other flavor, I think the one with crab, they sorta ate, but definitely this one. So, I ordered a couple packs of 12 small cans. I feed them 1 can per day along with their dry food. They also like Weruva canned cat food and a new one called Addiction canned cat food which so far they love all the flavors I got them. My one skinny cat is super crazy over the Lobster Consomme part, but both cats eat it all. Nutritionally, sardines are really high in RNA which is a building block and RNA also contains the sugar ribose.
I first learned bout Tiki Cat while searching for responsible and healthy food for my cats. I tried many different brands of cat food before Tiki Cat. I knew I had a hit when even my finiky cat came running for Tiki Cat food time. They seem to like the Sardines best, but I'm sure that every cat is different, and Tiki Cat has so many varities you're sure to find one your cat likes. Amazon has the cheapest price for this product, and it's delivered right to my door! I'll never have to drive to a pet store and pay extravagent prices for good cat food again!
The Oriental Flavor Ramen Noodles taste okay but I almost always add ingredients to make the dish more wholesome. I prepare it by adding sesame seed oil, vegetables and water then adding the seasoning and noodles after the water boils. Rough vegetables like chopped onions taste better if they are boiled with the seasoning for 15 minutes prior to adding the noodles.
Tried this in a turkey burger and it was sooo good. I definitely recommend faery free. Salt can be added or better yet add a sprinkle of Goya Adobo.
extremely good deal. i placed the order on tuesday, got the package on saturday. the packaging is very good (vanilla beans are vacuum packed as well as comes with a heavy ziploc bag for after you open the vacuum pack). 1/2 vanilla bean is about a little over 50 vanilla beans. every grocery store i go (wegmans, whole foods, weiss etc etc) that carries vanilla beans usually only sells them in packets of 2 vanilla beans for typically $12. so if you buy 50 vanilla beans 2 at a time for $12 each, thats $300! so basically you're saving $272.31.
I am a professional chef and specialize mostly in pastry, cakes, and desserts. It plays hell with my diabetes but I just love creating some delicious dessert for friends when we have small gatherings.<br /><br />I usually buy vanilla beans in Tijuana, Mexico because I can get good quality at a decent price. By that I mean the beans tend to be supple, shiny, and aromatic. By "decent price" I mean it usually costs me around $1.50 to $2.00 per piece.<br /><br />When I saw this half-pound package at such a low price I was skeptical but I figured the $25 would not be a big risk and if they were bad I can always return them. I ordered on Jan 11 and got them Jan 13. Free two-day shipping being another great feature of my Amazon Prime membership which I now believe is an excellent value.<br /><br />The beans are very high quality. They are "Gourmet Bourbon" which means about 30% moisture (a good thing) and they are shiny and nicely oily (you want the oily surface as that is one part where a lot of flavor is located. The other part is in the seeds and that is the reason the bean is split and the seeds scrapped when used).  These beans are very fresh as shown by their flexibility (as beans grow old they dry out and get brittle- still usable but not as good).  They come sealed in a vacuum bag and that is inside a zip bag. Even through the double packaging the scent is very noticeable and complex.<br /><br />This is a large quantity of beans. If you are not going to use them rapidly I recommend separating into two or three bean lots and vacuum packing those. For optimal shelf-life I keep mine in a wine refrigerator (it gets cool but not cold) where I keep my 20 or 30 pounds of various chocolates.<br /><br />This is an excellent deal on good quality. I just can't figure out how they manage to make a buck on this one!
There are a ton of vanilla beans in this package. They are supple and so fragrant, you can smell them without breaking the seal. Truly a fantastic deal.
Just received my beans today and wow!  There's an amazing amount for the price paid, they smell absolutely fantastic and came vacuum packed so they'll keep practically forever.
Vanilla beans have many uses: you can make vanilla sugar, creme brulee, and many other desserts. You can also make vanilla extract. And if you buy these beans, you can do it all at a fraction of the supermarket price.<br /><br />Yesterday I priced two vanilla beans in a spice bottle at the supermarket. They cost almost $6. This half pound package of beans that comes in a vacuum pack contains at least 50 beans and cost only $25. I am not quite sure what I will do with all of these, but we did make some bottles of vanilla extract for our favorite cooks for Xmas, and I have vanilla sugar in my cupboard now. The fragrance of these beans is marvelous, but I have resealed the package so the beans won't dry out. I may even put a few beans on the counter to make it smell like I have been cooking!<br /><br />A recipe:<br /><br />1 cheap fifth of vodka<br />10-12 beans, sliced the long way.<br /><br />Remove a cook's share from the vodka bottle and replace with the beans. close the bottle. Let sit for at least a month in a cool dark cupboard.<br /><br />Decant some of the vanilla into a smaller bottle when you need a refill. Put another sliced bean in there, and top off the large bottle with more vodka. Use the smaller bottle for your cooking. Make lots of cookies!<br /><br />You can keep this up for about a year.
I ordered and got this the next day. Planning to make vanilla for Christmas presents [...]). There were 70 beans in my package - THATSALOTTABEANS - I split it with a friend because I don't think I know 70 people who love to bake. . . On their own, they smell somewhat like raisins, but in the package, the smell is heavenly. Crossing fingers that the vanilla works out! but at what, 40 cents a bean, I haven't lost much and the price is so much better than the grocery store, where I looked at 2 beans for $12.
I wanted to give homemade vanilla extract as gifts and was extremely satisfied with these beans. They made very high quality extract and were much cheaper than at local grocery or organic food stores. I was mildly concerned by the size; I only needed 24 beans, and ended up with closer to 50. However, my brother has used the remainder to make delicious vanilla ice cream, creme brulee, tiramisu, custard, vanilla sugar, french toast, etc. I have recommended them to friends and family.
I don't understand(believe) the ONE negative review posted here. Why are they the only dissatisfied customer?<br /><br />My 1/2lb Madagascar Bourbon Vanilla Beans came in 2 days, and the whole box had the wonderful aroma of vanilla even before opening it!<br />My dark, 8" long, moist pliable beans were vacuum packed and tucked neatly in a sturdy zip bag.<br /><br />Oh the plans I have for these gems!!<br /><br />I'll be sure to post an update after utilizing my beans!
I'm constantly trying to find vanilla beans at a reasonable price. Often, when I do, they are hard as rocks, dry, and practically unusable.  I was so frustrated at Safeway where one bean was $13(!), dry and hard as a rock. The best I've found was at Trader Joe's, where I could get three beans for $10. They were decent...<br /><br />This price was SO reasonable, that I worried they were not going to be fresh/good/etc. I was wrong. The beans were incredibly fresh and supple. I'm using them to make vanilla extract and they have worked perfectly. They keep well in the fridge, so I'm using them in everything!<br /><br />The price is great, but there might be too many to use--if that's the case, then split them with a friend. Then it becomes one of the best culinary deals ever.<br /><br />Absolutely wonderful. I will buy these again and again.
I've never bought vanilla beans before, but I have seen them in the store - all dry and crusty looking.  These beans are vacuum sealed, and because of that are still moist.  They smelled great.  My whole pantry smelled wonderful after I put them in there, and they made my homemade vanilla bean ice cream the most vanilla-y ice cream I've ever had.  (Even more vanilla-y than Blue Bell!)  When I run out, I'll absolutely buy more of these!
I just got these, they are moist and gooey and fresh.  I actually got more beans than the approximate ammount.  They came faster than expected.  Great transaction!
We were running out of vanilla. I'd made my own before using vanilla beans and vodka, and the price of these was far cheaper than getting them locally. I figured it was worth a shot.<br /><br />I'm not sure what I was thinking, but half a pound of vanilla beans works out to something like 50 of them. It's hard to picture 50 vanilla beans, but this would be a good order to go in halves on with someone. Or quarters.<br /><br />The aroma is incredible. It's been a couple of months since we originally opened them, and our pantry still smells like vanilla, even though they are wrapped in two ziploc bags.<br /><br />As for the vanilla itself, it is fantastic. If you've never tried vanilla produced yourself, you are absolutely missing out. There is a distinct and definite difference between homemade and what you buy at the store.<br /><br />Do yourself a favor, hit "add to cart" and check out. You'll be glad you did.
I purchased these vanilla beans to make homemade vanilla.  This is my first vanilla bean purchase ever.  I was very pleased with the quality of these beans.  There were approximately 50 beans, and they were large, very fragrant, and contained lots of "caviar".  I could see the extraction starting to take place shortly after I split and immersed these in my vodka.  I should have some wonderful vanilla extract in 6 months.  Thanks!
What an incredible price for this many high-quality vanilla beans!!<br /><br />I split them with a friend of mine and we've both been making our own extract with delicious success.  At first I thought I might not be able to find use for all the beans, but because I LOVE to make my own (vegan) ice cream, I'm now totally spoiled by these beans.  I grate them into my (non-dairy) milk and simmer it, then let it cool in the fridge overnight, then go about making my ice cream.  I never want plain vanilla ice cream without using fresh beans again, no way!  It's too good.<br /><br />What's more, have you ever bought beans from the grocery store?  It costs, like, $12 for two or three beans, and the beans are relative garbage.  These aren't dry and odorless like the ones from the store.  Instead, they're moist, soft, and have that delightful aroma that makes you just want to bake.
It is a lot of beans to go through but the flavor and quality is really nice. They are fresh, soft and very fragrant. I use a lot of vanilla bean because my family loves vanilla sauce and baked goods made with the fresh bean. You must seal these very tightly to keep them soft but with care, they will stay nice for months and you can't beat the price! One company sells vanilla beans in a jar and you get two or three beans for anywhere up to $6! And the quality isn't anywhere near what these are. I will continue to buy this product. I've ordered these before and I am still thrilled with the product.
These vanilla beans are so fragrant that you can smell them through the unopened package!  I used them to make my own vanilla extract as Christmas gifts, and they worked great!  Don't be fooled by the product photo: they look stiff and dry in the image, but they're soft, pliable, and moist with vanilla oil.
I was very happy with the quick delivery of this product and how fresh the beans were.  I am looking forward to my homemade vanilla extract once it is done brewing.  I would definitely buy from this seller again.
Having been a professional cook for over 20 years I try to seek the best ingredients.  I was very pleased with this product.  From the moment you open the box you can smell them and they are still sealed in their bag.  They are very pliable unlike most of the big store ones and the seeds are very moist and easy to remove.  I needed to make a new batch of vanilla sugar and this was the first time I had to put some crackers in with it as the sugar was clumping within a week.  Should make an interesting cracker too.<br />John
Got 58 beans in the 1/2 lbs package which is a great value. They are moist so they are super fresh. Great Find.
I received my beans quickly and they smelled great!  I used all of them pretty quickly.  I purchased three 1.75 l bottles of vodka and split the beans evenly among them. They were plump and looked great.  I'm excited to give my homemade vanilla as Christmas gifts.
I received these wonderful beans today through Amazon.  I have not opened the vacuum sealed bag yet but the fragrance is divine.  They are about 6-3/4 inches long and plump and soft. It looks like there are maybe 60-70 beans.
Arrived very quickly and packaged safely.  They are vacuumed sealed and then put within a thick plastic ziplock bag.  Even with the packaging I could smell the vanilla when I opened my UPS box.  There are so many beans in here, a very great buy for my homemade vanilla extract!!
I could smell the vanilla from the box it was packaged in. It was sealed shut, air extracted from the packaging, so plump & moist.  I specifically got this product based on the comments left from a Pastry Chef.  I am extremely happy with my purchase.  I will definitely be back for these again.  I use them in frosting and cake batters - it's soooooo good, words cannot describe the freshness you get with a real vanilla bean vs. an extract.  They were very easy to extract the beans from.
I highly recommend this seller. It is an incredible value for both quantity and quality of beans. There are probably around 50-60 beans, although I'm not positive because I have not taken them out of the packaging to count. I have probably used about 8-10 beans and I can barely tell any are gone from the bag. They come double-sealed, and as another reviewer mentioned, you can smell the vanilla even through the original shipping package. I have purchased grocery store vanilla beans, and I have never seen or tasted anything remotely close to the quality of these beans. I will definitely purchase beans from this seller again.
I got these 2 weeks ago, for the price i wasnt expecting much, but they are really fresh and fragrant<br />i've used them to make bavarian cream and creme brulee and they taste great.
I got the beans in the prescribed amount of time, and even before I opened the package I knew they were going to be great.  The amazing aroma of the beans was evident and only intensified after I actually opened the packaging.  I bought them explicitly to make my own vanilla extract, and I have to say they are some juicy beans.  I highly recommend them.
The beans smell great and you get a lot of them. If you get a 12 pack of jars and you put 2 beans in each jar, you will still have more than half of them left over. Im trying to figure out what else I can do with them before they go bad.
Great price.  Wonderful product.  Everything was as described.  Shipped quickly and was priced great as far as I can tell.  I use these to infuse vodka. (slice the beans down their length first).  Wonderful!
I was amazed with how fresh these are and there are so many in 1/2 a pound.  My only suggested would be if you have another person that loves them as much as you do you could split the cost and the beans.  I have so many left over beans I've been giving them away to grateful coworkers but what goes around comes around so here's to awesome ingredients!
Great vanilla beans at a great price.  I recieved about 60 beans in my pack.  They are plump and perfect.  When I've used them all up I will definitely be buying them again!  I almost didn't order them because of the reviews talking about the bad smell to them. I'm glad I didn't listen to them.  They smell like all of the other vanilla beans that I've bought.
This is the buy of a lifetime.  $25 for about 50 beans instead of $10 for 2!  And the flavor was great.  Made ice cream that everyone raved about.  I vacuum sealed portions for future use to keep them as fresh as possible.
I bought these vanilla beans about a month ago to make homemade vanilla extract and also to have on hand since I always seem to have some culinary use for vanilla beans. I was very impressed with the quality. The dried up store bought vanilla beans cannot compare to these. Will be ordering more soon!
Recieved Vanilla beans in a nice bundle in a ziploc bag.  The smell was wonderful even through the bag.  My husband and I used the Vanilla beans to make our own Vanilla extract.  The beans were moist and easy to work with.  We were very impressed and would definitely buy the vanilla beans again. Can't wait to see how the homemade vanilla extract turns out.
I got the wonderful vanilla beans about a month ago. The first thing I did was to make vanilla sugar. Then I put 10 split beans in 3/4 cup mix of rum and brandy. I shake it every other day. Smells wonderful so far.  I'm going to split a few beans to put on my stevia  which I use every day.  I also sent a pack of Madascar Bourbon vanilla beans to my 78 year old big sister but she "freaked " out.  "What will I do with these?".<br />So far I find these vanilla beans luxuriously wonderful. Smelly, soft and tasty if you just take a tiny bite in your morning coffee.
These are unbelievably fantastic!  I had to share them, I had so many!  simply the BEST! I put the leftover pods in my sugar, smells amazing!
These have good flavor. Plenty of other reviews address that. I also like the thick zipper bag they came in. My only real issue with these is that mine grew mold. I've never had vanilla beans do that before. These seemed unusually moist, so maybe that contributed to the issue. It started as a small spot, but grew so that it was on the ends of most of the beans. I finally got them all out, trimmed off the moldy bits, and froze what was left.<br /><br />It took 2-3 months for the mold to start, so if you use them quickly maybe that won't be a problem. But, I don't go through them that fast. I've had beans dry out in the past, but this is the first I've seen of mold. If you don't plan to use them within 2 months or so, I recommend keeping them in a fridge, freezer or coming up with some other way to stop the mold before it starts.
These beans are trully wonderful and wonderfully priced. Split a few down the length toss in a bottle of Vodka or Rum or some Bourbon for a few days and you have a wonderfull drink. Great for baking , make truly amazing vanilia bean cookies.
These will last a long time the way we use them but could not pass up the deal..came sealed and you could still smell the vanilla...stick one or 2 in your favorite vodka and wait a few weeks...we also make our own extract from them.
The first thing you notice when you open up your package is the intensely delicious smell of vanilla.  The package is vacuum sealed, but the smell still leaks out.  These beans are a great deal!  I think I got about 28-32 pods in my bag and was able to make good use of them.  They (as previously mentioned) have a wonderful smell and great flavor.  It is really hard to find a better deal out there.
These beans are magic. Plump, moist, potent. The aroma was so rich that I could smell the deliciousness even before I opened the double-wrapped, vacuum-packed plastic bag. The best thing, though, is the price for this outstanding quality. Two weeks ago, out of dire necessity, I paid over $8 for a single vanilla bean in my grocery store spice aisle. The bean was fine, but $8? Really? When I saw these I rejoiced. Less than 50 cents a bean! Now that I have them and have had some home-made vanilla ice cream made with them, I can safely say this is the single best value I've ever found on Amazon in all the years I've shopped here. I'm sorry the one buyer received a bad batch of these. Mine are perfect. I will definitely be buying again.
I was very pleased with my recent Vanilla Bean purchase from Spice world. When I opened the box, and not even unsealed the beans themselves, I could smell the fragrance of the bean, and see that they were in very good condition. The have been very moist,easy to work with, and taste wonderful. I can't recommend these people too much, and to say I was completely satisfied wouldn't do them justice. I like finding a place I can shop from that will meet my demands for taste and quality... I have a new home!
well packaged, and alot of beans for the price(50+).  using them to make home made vanilla extract.  wounderfull flavor. will buy again.
The beans arrived in good time, moist and supple, no mold, very good flavor.  What else is there to want in regular bourbon vanilla beans?  I was very pleased with this purchase.
I couldn't be more pleased with my purchase. Vanilla beans are $5 - $9 a piece if you can find them in the store. These work out to about 51 cents a piece and they are fresher and better quality than the $5 ones. They also come vacuum sealed and a zip lock bag is included for storage after opening. Good job!
I bought the vanilla beans to make DIY vanilla extract. I do alot of baking and I like to use good vanilla. The recipe requires moist, full vanilla beans and these were wonderful.The vanilla beans came in a vacuum pack that kept them in very good condition, much better than buying them from the spice section of the grocery store where the jar contains 2 to 3 dehydrated beans. And they made great vanilla extract for much less money than buying the 'real' vanilla at the store.
Can't be the price!  The beans have a strong aroma and tasted GREAT in creme brulee!  Just be sure to have an air-tight jar and a vacuum sealer isn't a bad idea either to keep them as long as possible.
I got these beans based on the good reviews and wasn't disappointed. I also got 70 beans in my pouch, nice moist and supple pods that will make a gallon of vanilla extract. Great beans for a great price!!!
I could smell the vanilla even through the packaging!<br />There were lots of vanilla beans and they were all in great shape.  I'm excited to see how my homemade vanilla extract turns out!
I've ordered these before and I am still thrilled with the product.  They are fresh, soft and very fragrant.  I use a lot of vanilla bean because my family loves vanilla sauce and baked goods made with the fresh bean.  You must seal these very tightly to keep them soft (I use the seal-a-meal), but with care, they will stay nice for months and you can't beat the price!  McCormick sells vanilla beans in a jar and you get two or three beans for anywhere up to $6! And the quality isn't anywhere near what these are.  I will continue to buy this product.
Cooking with fresh ingredients always makes your dishes taste, and smell, more delicious!  Highly recommend purchasing these vanilla beans, they arrived vacuum packed and ready to use.
These beans were amazing for the price.  Plump, moist and delightful smelling. Made 1.5L of extract with them using silver rum for the alcohol.
I was very pleased when I got these vanilla beans. They were shipped in a timely manner and arrived vacuumed sealed. There was a mix of some very plump beans and a few that were thin. I was very happy with my purchase!
These beans were vacuum sealed, very fresh and supple.  My only problem was that there were so many I had way more than what I needed for a dozen jars of vanilla flavoring that I'm preparing as Christmas gifts. Highly recommend.
I bake quite often and I love to use fresh vanilla beans.  I have purchased beans from a variety of places and these are the best vanilla beans I have ever used, hands-down!!  They were so moist and plump and LOADED with seeds!!  The fragrance and the taste was so amazing!  I used it in a birthday cake and everyone raved about the taste.  I receieved 70 (yes seventy) half-sized beans in my 1/2 pound package...it would have cost me over $220 to purchase that many beans in the store!  I have a food saver so I divided up the package into smaller packages and have them sealed up and stored in a dark pantry.  I will be interested to see how long they keep.
Better than expected! Well packaged, moist, fresh and fragrant beans were just what I needed for my recipe. Perfect. Would not hesitate to order this bargain-priced, excellent product again.
To purchase this many vanilla beans for the price is great.<br />I've not split any of them yet, but they look nice and plump<br />the way a good bean should look. I have them all soaking in<br />a big jar of vodka to make vanilla. In six months, I should have<br />some pretty good quality vanilla, and will still be able to use<br />the vanilla beans for other things.
I use these vanilla beans to make my infamous Creamy Vanilla Caramel ice pops, a fan favorite for my small gourmet popsicle business @FrontPorchPops. It's tough to find these locally for a reasonable price so I ordered these from Amazon instead as a time-saver. I was dubious about ordering product online (what chef doesn't what to taste, touch and smell it before they decide if it's worthy of their customers?), but I was pleasantly surprised to receive moist, flavorul vanilla beans that were exactly what I wanted. I just wish they offered this as a subscription so I could have them automatically sent every month.
These bean smelled so fresh, they were moist and plump.  I'm very impressed with the quality of the beans that were shipped to me.  I can't wait to use them in all of my baked goods!
These beans arrived quickly and were well-packed in a vacuum sealed pouch.  There were LOTS and LOTS of long, supple black vanilla beans.  They smelled great and were very pliable.  I immediatley made some vanilla sugar, which 3 weeks into it, smells wonderful.  I intend to add beans to vodka for extract.  I also added several beans to oil to make a wonderful vanilla oil for salads.  There are so many beans, I will make a few gift budles wrapped in raffia for my family and friends.  The leftovers seem to be keeping quite nicely in my room temp pantry. I just need more ideas for the rest of the beans.
I was tired of paying upwards of $12 for two beans at the local store, so I thought that I would give these a try.  i was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the beans.  I was expecting the usual dried out lackluster vanilla flavor I have "enjoyed" from the super market spice rack, but these beans are so much better.  I used to live near a natural food store that carried an excellent selection of fresh  spices, unfortunately with the recession they closed down.  These beans rival those that I could purchase there.  They have a robust vanilla flavor that came through very nicely in the ice cream I made.  I was used to doubling up on the beans in the recipe to get the vanilla flavor I wanted, but quickly found out that I didn't have to with these beans.  Highly recommended ! Enjoy!
I LOVED this . The beans where fresh and the smell heavenly. I most definately would buy this again. The more expensive ones in the supermarket are dry and way over priced. These were very juicy. Loved it!!
I like to eat frozen vanilla yogurt but the catch is that I have to make it myself or it doesnt get done.<br /><br />These vanilla beans are amazing if you are really into vanilla.yougurt or icecream
I have always liked the oskri bars... but these with the fennel in them are even tastier.  A great gluten free, no cane SUGAR, no cornsyup, treat for those being health conscious.  Also get a little protein to boot!  MMMmmmm MM!
I babysit for my good friends' kids, to give them a 'date night' every now and again.<br /><br />These things are always in their freezer b/c they know I am a horrible cook. I always thought 3 year olds were picky eaters, but the twin boys beg me to heat up 2nds for them!
My daughter loves them. They are easy to heat up and good for the body and earth. It's the perfect weekday dinner for us busy mums. And it's so clean to eat, that's the key. Not as messy as mac n' cheese. Thanks Peas of Mind to make my life easier.
Universally popular with all dogs and is the only treat my pets will eat.  Great that it is all natural.
The best treats available. Your dogs will go bonkers for these. I buy a tub a month for my little munchkins and they just love it. Good value online.
I'm a profecinal cat trainer and have used several different treats including raw/freezdried raw  home made and comercial treats over the last 10 years. These treats take the cake and run. OMG all cats/ clients cats love these treats. They are the onlything i will ever use for training again. Best cat treat on the market. just dont forget to cut them up in little pieces there to big for your average house cat.<br /><br />If you have a finiky cat that dosnt like to eat. well here is your god send. Just crush some up and toss there food in it. Its a garanteed way to get them to start eating again. Dont use a ton since its high in fat.
My cats love freeze dried meats.<br />They absolutely love these treats.<br />They are the cheapest of all the treats I buy.<br />The quality is good, too many small pieces though.<br /><br />Do not buy freeze dried beef liver as it is too hard on there tummies.<br /><br />I only give them a couple of pieces a day but they know what time that is!
My 3 Boston Terriers LOVE these treats!  They are natural, wholesome and soft enough to break into multiple pieces.  We keep a steady supply of them in the house ... I order at least 2 containers at a time since we don't want to run out.  Amazon's seller -- All Pets -- has the best price around.
At an early age my Beagle (yes, a beagle) was picky about eating.  crushing a little freeze dried chicken liver on his food gave him the incentive to eat.  Now it has become part of the routine.
I buy chicken livers for my cat. She has now learned to speak English persuasively in order to get these treats.(lol) They are economical and obviously well liked by my cat.
My dog absolutely loved these, and he would have given them a 10 rating if he could.  Unfortunately he is nolonger with us, but he thought they were great for years, and this was the best price I ever found.  Very prompt shipping, and adequate packing
My pugs are picky eaters and only like the chicken liver which is hard to find.  This is a great deal.
It came promptly, dog is very happy.  For some reason, this batch has much smaller pieces than those that we have ordered in the past.  I guess the dog thinks that is better he gets more treats at one time (even though the amout is about the same).
I picked a can of this up on a whim at Big Lots for $1.30 and it is SO easy. I used one of those graham cracker pie shells, opened a can of this filling, and put it in the fridge. In four hours I added some lime zest and whipped cream...my friends did not believe how good it was for coming out of a can! I went back the next day and bought what they had left on the shelf. Highly recommended!!
This is a very very good tea, bearing the name Sibu. English tea is really nice and really really really really really good.
These chocolates are absolutely the best, smooth in taste and almost delicate in texture. Their an absolute MUST for any chocolate fan, I've never been a fan of milk chocolate, but these Fazer chocolates are the absolute exception! I highly recommend these chocolates to anyone who loves chocolate as much as i do!
When we lived in Omaha we fell in love with Pears coffee.  I was thrilled to find it on Amazon.  For the price there is really no comparison.  We've tried other flavors, but always end up going back to colombio supremo.  We are now on direct ship every three months with Amazon.  Try it.. it's better than the grocery store options and less expensive.
I bought the 4 pack of this coffee based on the reviews of others and the price. It is a lot of coffee, since we drink less than 1 pot per day.  I really enjoy the flavor.  I put a little cream and sweetener (agave nectar) in my coffee, but this coffee has great flavor that comes through.  I'm not super picky on coffee, but I can tell when I have "bad" coffee.  This is definitely good coffee and I plan to keep buying this coffee as the only coffee we have in our house.
Awesome tasting Tea in a 16 oz. can!  I highly recommend this product because it taste great and doesn't cost a lot.
Prince of Tea brand teas are great. The premium oolong tea is good, but I found that I like their organic oolong to taste better than the premium, and it generally costs less too. Prince of Tea is a well known and environmentally concious company and you'll do well to buy their products.
I started loving Oolong tea after I discovered a bottled product called 'Tejava'. That product is over a dollar for a 12 ounce bottle. I needed something less expensive so I tried this 'Prince of Peace' brand Oolong.<br /><br />After a few brewing experiments, I now love this stuff.<br /><br />What I have learned; If brewing as 'sun tea' this type of tea seems to come out very weak. If you put this tea in boiling water, it may come out bitter.<br /><br />I now heat up my water in a microwave until it is, very hot to the touch, but no way near boiling. I then put in the tea bags and let it brew for about twenty minutes (I like strong tea). I have, to my taste, duplicated the 'Tejava' brew at a fraction of the original cost.<br /><br />Enjoy<br /><br />Ken
I drink three cups of this each day, made with one Oolong tea bag and one green tea bag, in a large mug.  I believe this has helped me to lose about 8 lbs. in the last five months.  I drink it without sweeteners, and also cold. The price for this is very reasonable, and the taste is mild.
Unexcelled as to price and equal in quality to the best !
I have been drinking oolong tea for several months now. I find it quite a nice morning beverage instead of coffee. It is also a great pick me up in the afternoon. One of the benefits of oolong tea is increased energy, which for me it works. This oolong tea is great tasting and light flavored. I will definitely continue to purchase it.
The tea tastes great hot or iced.  Very good for the price.  I recieved the package fast with no problems.
Superior flavor, not too green, not too black. Loved it from the first cup.I put a hint of Splenda/Sugar blend in mine and am substituting it for coffee these days. Stumbled on it in  a shop but will be getting it thru Amazon in the future. I am here now because after tasting it I wanted to be sure I could buy it on line and have it delivered to the door. Again, a definite yes product! maggiemay
I want to give my cats as much variety as possible. They are family and they matter. Variety makes them happy. And their health & wellbeing are important. Giving them good, healthy food and treats are apart of showing them how loved they are. Unfortunately, I have to go online to find some treats as the stores don't carry the variety any more.
It only takes a cursory look at my reviewing history to realize that I haven't exactly made a career out of rating gum, but this new Trident Vitality is so darn good that I thought I'd better get in a few words on it. I've tried all three of the available flavors and can't seem to choose a favorite.<br /><br />The Peppermint with Ginseng flavor reviewed here is definitely pretty awesome. The gum has the physical profile of an old-school Chicklet. It only takes a bite or two for the strong peppermint flavor to kick in. And man, does this gum LAST. I can usually go a good 3-4 hours and still get some flavor out of this stuff. That makes it a good value in my book for sure.<br /><br />Typically retails for around $1.39/pack at my local grocer, although I've caught it on sale for under a dollar once or twice.<br /><br />Highly recommended.
I would have to say that my dog is a picky eater. I have tried all types of different brands of food and finally found one that she loves. She also suffers from skin allergies and even though she is on meds I think this food has helped a bit with her dry skin. I only have one issue her breath smells really fishy after she eats but thats not even a big deal anymore. Also the price is cheaper than other online stores like petco and petsmart plus free delivery. All in all If Mona's happy so am I.
The Natural Balance Alpha Grain-free Trout, Salmon meal and Whitefish Formula is working very good for my dog. There is no digestive problems. It also keeps the fur shinny. Be sure to provide a lot of water for the dog as he always drinks a lot an hour or two after the meals.
I moved to Las Vegas from San Jose last year and have been missing my Peet's Coffee Jasmine Downey Pearls tea.  When I saw this product I bought a shipment right away. I was not disappointed.  I love the individual silken sachets of Jasmine Tea pearls.  It is fragrant and wonderful tea. I will be buying it again.
Harney & Sons' Dragon Pearl Jasmine tea is one of the cleanest and most delicate of commercially-available teas I've encountered.<br /><br />My first experience with it was at the Williamsburg Lodge, in Virginia, where it was served over the 3 days of an annual convention I attend there.  While a shame to have to sip it standing up or moving between speaker sessions, I had a remarkable sense of being elevated above the rush around me.  The bouquet is evocative and tended to linger in the air yet was in no way overpowering... more like a stroll through a jasmine-studded garden.  Upon tasting, the first impression seems to register near the tip of the tongue, as if sweet, and as the flavor develops in the mouth there is a recognition that it is, in fact, tea but without insistent tannic or other strong overtones.  A fine impression remains when the cup is set down and the intake of breath recharges the sensation.<br /><br />There is no settling of heavy flavors-- a cup is as fine and pleasurable from first sip to last.  I also have found that this tea maintains its character despite the array of waters I have used to make it.  Some brews become distinctly unpleasant when the leaves are introduced to certain mineral-rich well water or treated city water.  The best experience no doubt is when using filtered water, but it is not requisite to enjoying Jasmine Pearl.<br /><br />As a wake-me-up tea on a work morning, I would likely choose a more robust leaf.  However, for a proper moment of relaxation-- or an attempt to induce one in the midst of chaos!-- I hope to never run out of this tea.
Works good in the blender for shakes and ice slush.<br /><br />Can not find decaf in stores.<br /><br />Can add other flavors and spices to  taste.<br /><br />Good for nutrition builder.
I love Big Train! There is a local shop that sales Big Train Products.  After spending $20 a week on the stuff, I decided that I wanted to make it at my house sometimes to save a little money. The individual bags are the exact bags that the local shop uses.  I do prefer the consistency of the product when made by the shop, I think that has to do with my blender's age.  Overall, this product is super yummy!
These are so good, my next order will be on the monthly schedule.<br />Very easy to make and super delicious. We used milk and chipped<br />ice, along with the mix. I might try water one time to see how<br />that is. I wish I could rate this product higher than 5 stars.
I used to go to a local coffee shop to get these drinks for about $4. Now I can make them at home for a fraction of the cost. They are delicious! I like the single serving packets, but my husband and I end up using three packets to make two good size drinks.
This product is delicious!  It is the frappacino mix a lot of independent coffee shops use.  You will not be disappointed.
Big Train Decaf Mocha Blended Coffee is so very, very good.  In my later years I find I do not tolerate caffine well and it has been hard to find a decaf to replace the coffee treats I have created for myself...with caffine.  This is great...Makes a lot and will keep it in stock with auto reorder on Amazon...to save even more money and be certain I do not run out.
This is a delicious oil. The walnut flavor really stands out. We keep this oil in the refrigerator, to preserve freshness and taste. Definitely shake it well before each use. Everyone comments on how good it tastes whenever we use it. So, it's pretty universal in its appeal.<br /><br />We make a salad dressing using this walnut oil, blood orange vinegar and honey. The ratio of all ingredients is 1:1. E.g.:<br />- 1/4 cup blood orange vinegar<br />- 1/4 cup roasted walnut oil<br />- 1/4 cup honey<br />(adjust to your taste buds)<br />Mix with a blender or hand blender (or by shaking the jar, but a blender mixes much better, especially with the thick honey). Wow, is this a wonderful salad dressing!<br /><br />By the way, we use this blood orange vinegar: "Cuisine Perel Blood Orange Vinegar", which is available via Amazon. It has a wonderful flavor.
I make an extended butter using this oil, water and liquid lecithin.  It is just the BEST tasting spread ever and much healthier because of the walnut oil.  I keep mine refrigerated to preserve that wonderful taste and aroma.  It tends to settle out so be sure to shake it before using to get the full flavor and consistency. I didn't know to do this on the  first container and when I got to the bottom it was very thick, almost sludgy, with the roasted bits.  Amazon's price is pretty fair although I can occasionally find it locally (TJ Maxx)a bit cheaper. But I must say ordering from Amazon and getting it shipped straight to me is VERY convenient.  I've never had any problems with damaged or leaking containers on this product (well maybe a small dent in the metal but that's all).
I've used La Tourangelle roasted walnut oil during the barbeque season for the past four years or so. It's a great product and I won't fire-up the hibachi without it. Along with various vinegars, I'll splash it on mushrooms, peppers and whatever veggies I have from the garden.  (The main dish is usually tofu, but I have a special marinade for that.)  One 500 ml can lasts me about one season while the other two keep well in the refrigerator. From what little shopping-around I've done I think the price would be hard to beat.
Flavor 5 STARS:  First time I used the oil I poured some in a saute pan to scramble some eggs. It ended up being an earthy mushroom like flavor. I loved it.  I pour it on my dogs food occasionally and they love it.  I wanted to buy this originally because I watched the Dr. OZ tv show and he recommended ingesting a little every day for its anti-inflammatory properties.  I gave some oil to my Aunt who has an auto-immune disease and she likes the oil as well. I would definitely buy this product again.<br /><br />Ding for metal alloy container: It is cheap metal and though it was packaged well by Amazon.com the containers probably got dented in Amazon's warehouse because it didn't seem like the packaging should have caused the dents.  The way it was packaged if there was any damage it would probably only be dents to the containers so I would say "expect" dents with any shipment of oils if this company uses the same cheaper kind of metal alloy for their containers.  Dents do not make the product taste worse so I do not worry about the taste.  I will return it if the containers leak but that would not stop me from ordering again.  However, the odds of leaking happening probably statistically is not "often" if you receive shipments regularly.
La Tourangelle Roasted Walnut is the best tasting oil I have ever had. My old favorite was Avocado oil but this is even better and keeps longer. I pour it on everything. Make a great mayonnaise. Spinkle on baked stuffed shrimp or baked fish. Drizzled on steak or chicken and as a topping for pasta and bruschetta with some garlic, parsley and parmesan cheese. Addictive so you'll want to have it in the house all the time. Buy it you will love it.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001EQ5EJQ">La Tourangelle Roasted Walnut Oil, 16.9-Ounce Cans (Pack of 3)</a><br />I had already ordered this and had two left in my refrigerator, having given one to my brother.  He shared it with mutual friends, who loved it too, so I ordered another package for Christmas gifts to those who had fallen in love with it after tasting his sharing.  I then used it (1 C.) in my peanut butter chocolate chip cookie recipe (see review of Skippy Natural Creamy PB).  This arrived today and I have to cheer!<br /><br />Thank you SO much!  This product was securely and SNUGGLY packaged in the perfect sized box so it did not slide about or damage itself!  THANK YOU SO MUCH AMZ for giving due attention to appropriate and PROPER packaging to these three cans of walnut oil!  PERFECT! (YAY!)<br /><br />It is lovely and so yummy that I also ordered a set of the Pecan oil too.<br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001PO7FBW">La Tourangelle Roasted Pecan Oil, 8.45-Ounce Tin</a><br /><br />And, remember to check out the others - pistachio, hazelnut, pumpkin, almond, etc.<br />This is a great answer for those of us with non-nut food allergies (Dairy, Soy, Gluten, Lime, Mint, Grapes) that allow us to use these oils to give some enchantment to our cooking and baking.  I subbed it for the peanut oil in my PB cookies and it added a nice note to them.  Like Christmas!  YUMM!<br /><br />Remember, (like so many other helpful reviewers advise) to keep it in the refrig!
wow.  I read the great feedback on this product and took the plunge and was not disappointed.  We had bought some other walnut oil at WF and this one blows that out of the water.  The flavor, aroma, and price are second to none.<br /><br />My fav recipe so far:<br />take a large yam/sweet potatoe, cut in 1/4 inch strips lenthwise (like a long potatoe chip).  baste in oil and salt.  broil for 10 min per side.  enjoy!
In a "feeling carefree" moment at the grocery  -- I purchased a can of this oil thinking to myself I would be tossing ~$7 in the trash later, but I was always curious about that little shiny metal can of Walnut Oil..  Yesterday, I took the plunge and OMGz is this oil awesome!!  I put it to use in my pasta sauce, replacing the Olive oil, and it was delicious!  The can says to refrigerate immediately after opening to preserve the oil, but I do not think its going to last very long before its empty..
Always a fan of La Tourangelle oils, this time the hazelnut oil was received as a gift via Amazon.<br /><br />Not only is the oil wonderful and delicate for salads, and some sauteeing, Amazon now packages the cans to come dent free and protected.<br /><br />Great buy!
I enjoy the flavor and use it for much of my cooking and add it as the oil to my home made granola.  It does not cook well on high heats (as advertised), but does well at medium to low heat.  It's health benefits far outweigh vegetable oil and canola oils.  I use both this and coconut oils whenever possible for flavor.
The toasted flavor is so much better than regular walnut oil; the price is the best I can find and we store it in the fridge for longer life.
This is the good kind of fat, and tastes great.<br />I actually like the taste better than butter.  It has a similar quality- rich, indulgent, blends well with foods, and it is way healthier than butter.  Not as aggressive tasting as olive oil.<br />I have substituted it for butter every chance I get, with good results. (disclaimer- I'm not much of a cook...)<br /><br />Please buy this, so Amazon will keep it in stock for me.  It costs much more in stores, and is hard to find
I almost can't put into words how much I love this product - the packaging, the flavor, the health benefits, the price (especially with the subscription discount) - fabulous!  The vinaigrette recipe on the can is phenomenal - I mix up a couple of cups of it and keep it in a squeeze bottle in the fridge, use it on greens, antipasto, and grilled chicken.  I use the oil straight for the finishing touch on a lot of items.  Recently I found myself with a last-minute invitation to dinner and not a lot of ingredients in the house to throw together a contribution - settled on a white bean bruscetta with a drizzle of this oil, and people swooned.  It elevates everything it touches.
So happy I got this on a subscription. I might even have to increase the frequency that it is delivered. I've used it in everything from scrambled eggs to brownies. It's not mild like olive oil, but it has enhanced the flavor of everything I've cooked!
I ordered a set of three cans and they showed up yesterday in perfect condition (no dents).  So far I have made some boiled red potatoes and seasoned them with walnut oil and sea salt.  I also roasted some yukon gold potatoes and english squash with the oil and it turned out wonderful--the walnut oil gives it a great flavor.  I will be giving one can to my parents.  Since my mom is not a fan of olive oil it will give my dad a new flavor to play with in his cooking.
The walnut oil is really good. I later will often come to buy it.I hope you will like it too.
Enjoyed the product, pleasant flavor,  used it to in all my cooking, i will be purchasing it again. Cans were dented on arrival... but did not harm the product.
I had bought small cans previously and they arrived inadequately packaged, so they all had tiny dents. These, however, arrived undented, well-packaged in bubble wrap. I have not yet opened them, but I have used the small cans. This oil is great quality, and the price is not overblown. Recommended.
We've been using walnut oil for many years; we brush it on toast to take the place of butter, eliminating much of the saturated fat from our diets. It's also wonderful in salads--try it tossed into greens with a few nuts and chopped stone fruit or grapes, and a fruity vinegar. This product is of excellent quality and Amazon has a great price for it.
the walnut oil has a wonderful taste to it.  I have used it in salads, salad dressing, couscous, and a variety of other things.  Thank you for a wonderful product.  Definately worth the money.
This oil has a wonderful, mild, roasted walnut flavor that I found irresistible in a salad dressing (it will now be my go-to oil for homemade dressings).  There is a recipe for vinaigrette right on the back of the can.  Bought it because it's omega-3 content is second only to flaxseed oil, plus, it's made in California!<br /><br />Definitely buy it on Amazon, so much cheaper than the grocery store.
We ordered this on our Doctor's recommendation and take a tablespoon every day as a supplement. It's supposed to have several omega acids.Also tasty on salads.
Walnut oil is an essential ingredient in our favorite waffle batter. This oil is the best we've used for the price. GREAT aroma!!!
great product and priced well, we've ordered this several times over the past few years and really like their walnut oil,  packaged well and ships on time, will keep ordering this product from the same seller
I love the walnut oil. It came in cans which i like a lot because you hardly see them any more. The walnut oil was better quality than any of the walnut oil I bought in my neighbourhood and cheaper even with the shipping charge. I recommend it to anyone.
La Tourangelle makes some really good oils. I like this company alot...try the sesame oil too.
what a fresh smell and a very pleasant taste.<br />it,s very good for you too. I use it in place of olive oil, for salads and cooking.
One of my favorite salad recipes I make often calls for walnut oil.  I bought a small bottle from a local major grocery store and it was over $10 for about 6 ounces.  Steep!  I love walnuts so naturally I loved this oil from my very first taste.  But the price was not right so I searched on the Internet and found this.  I was a little reluctant to buy 3 cans as I thought they go rancid before I can finish but I am now on my last can.  I use it in place of EVOO to make other vinaigrettes too.  Or just splash this walnut oil and my favorite raspberry vinegar and B&S (or seasons salt like Krazy Salt) over spring mix, it is an easy but great green salad! I do this a lot when I need a quick side. Anyway, this oil goes well with anything and it does not taste too nutty.  Just a touch of nice walnut flavor (of course, I love walnuts so even if it tastes very "walnutty," I would still like it!)<br /><br />Anyway, it is a great product and I will buy the same pack again!
This is a great oil for baking it gives a nutty flavor. It also works great in dressings much better than olive oil.
I enjoyed the carbonation with a hint of blackberry and liked the fact there are no calories or artificial sweeteners.
This product helped us tremendously. When our 2 year old daughter started day care, she wouldn't eat at the center and she began losing weight. We started her on Pediasure in the mornings as an insurance policy that she was getting enough nutrion. It worked great she stopped losing weight and actually started gaining :). She loves the taste, especially the strawberry flavor.
This is awesome! it really helped my daughter gain the much needed weight for a reasonable price. Will do business again :)
Glad to find this for a birthday present as hard to find decaf ones in store.<br /><br />Makes good ice slushy and milk sakes cold.<br /><br />For those who can not take decaf, these are , and making them at home sure beats Starbucks prices.
This coffee mix is so easy to make and taste great.  I enjoy ALL their flavors as my kids do too.  Hard to keep around.  Buying a box of it at a time helps.
Strong, dark, intense. Strong enough for a man but mellow enough for a woman. It really is a good coffee with no bitter after taste. I just love it. It's good with cream and sweetner with no watered down taste or just plain. Wish they made a decaf then I could drink it 24/7.
If anyone is looking for delicious and healthy snack, Doctor Kracker is an answer.  However, the hard crispiness is for people with good teeth.
These flatbreads are definitely my favorite cracker, but they're messy when I break them apart to have something closer to bite-sized.<br /><br />Caution: Despite the description that they are made with spelt and good for people with wheat issues, people with celiac disesase cannot eat these. Spelt has gluten and the flatbreads contain barley malt. I love them and heartily recommend them, but please don't misunderstand the nature of spelt and accidentally serve them to someone with gluten intolerance.<br /><br />Oh, yes, great price at Amazon compared to my local grocery store. I hope that advantage continues.
With all the meds I take, I have a lot of problems with my stomach. I try a cracker first, when nausea hits, with Gaviscon or Tums being the next up to bat if that doesn't work.<br /><br />These are so wonderfully yummy that I then bought the Pumpkin Seed Cheddar too! The flatbread is great alone, or used instead of bread.  The crunch is intense, although I love it that way. I keep these next to my chair and next to my bed and look forward to trying other flavors too.
Have tried many crackers, including some other Dr. Kracker, and think this tastes the BEST.  It's hard/crunchy with lots of seeds on it, so if that's an issue, it might not be for everyone.  Buying it in Amazon's 6-pack makes it less expensive than purchasing in the store.
I eat them just like this!  I like something with substance to it, and when you eat these, you know you're eating something.  They're healthy, taste good, and are reasonably priced.
This is one of the best dried organic crackers around. Highly recommend them compared to other available types of similar products.
Could not stop eating these after the first taste!  High quality ingredients make a big difference.  Love the crunch and the seeds.  The subtle sweetness is nice too, much less heavy-handed than in most products.
Love these crackers and all of the Dr Kracker products.  I use Subscribe and Save to save a little bit of money and to insure that I don't run out.  I pretty much eat one every day instead of bread.  My current favorite topping is goat cheese!
I like these crackers so much I just ordered a different flavor.  These are very crunchy and satisfying.  I put two crackers into a zip lock baggie.  Break them into bite sized pieces and this is my treat throughout the day and into the evening and they are very filling.  I do recommend them however I don't know how well they'd go over for those with dentures.  Because they are so crisp and because they have seeds of various sizes.  Very good find.  Love um.
I am always on the lookout for healthy but tasty foods that are low in calories. These crackers are good, not in a "omg" type of good, but they have an interesting yet addictive taste that I can't really explain. I would definately recommend them. Everyone I give them to keeps asking me for more. I guess I should stop sharing.
These are delicious and filling. I first had them in Hawaii a few weeks ago but then couldn't find them when I got back home to Philly. Amazon had them and a good selection. If you are a seed and nut eater and like a crispy cracker you will love these. Enjoy!
Thanks to the wonderful reviews I read about this crispbread, I decided to purchase. There are many other crispbreads/crackers that I've purchased that taste like cardboard and have little flavor.  I think this crispbread is really delicious - a little sweet with lots of crunch and a variety of seeds. Great flavor.  I like that it's organic, whole grain, and relatively high in protein.  It's a little different from other crackers and it is great topped with egg or tuna salad or all by itself. Delicious! I will have to try some of the other Doctor Kracker Crispbreads. I will certainly be ordering more of these.
These are the only crackers that I buy.  So Healthy and so good.  Eat them with a salad and you have the perfect lunch.
These crackers are a great healthy snack without anything spread on them. My only dislike is that they are a tad too sweet for me. I'd like them without the molasses.
Outstanding product...I am always going to have them around.  Far and above most crackers for taste and good nutrition.
Each of these flatbread crackers has 4 grams of protein, 3 grams of fiber, and only 100 calories, so they're substantive and filling by themselves. However, because they're so firm and sturdy, they make a good base for more complex snacks.<br /><br />One very simple addition is to sprinkle shredded cheese on top of a cracker and microwave it until the cheese melts (~15 seconds). You could even stack another cracker on top before microwaving to make a tightly-bonded cheese-and-flatbread sandwich.<br /><br />Just about any recipe you would normally make on top of a cracker or on top of a piece of toast can work here.
This flatbread is just delicious. I love all the various seeds, very crunchy. There is a hint of sweet but in a delicious way.
I love these flatbreads. I smear mascarpone on them and then so many diffferent things on top of that to make a wonderful snack or lite meal. Their very crunchy and tasty. I watch my diet closely since I have Diabetes and these crackers are very low in Net Carbs in addition to tasting good. The other flavors are good too. I've twice now had to move up their delivery since I go thru them quick. You'll love em and will have fun trying different toppings for them. I really like them with Lox, mascarpone cream cheese and Dr. Kracker...don't forget the capers.
This is an excellent product. It is healthy, delicious, has a great texture and feel in your mouth and goes perfectly with hummus or other spreads!
Just tried the Doctor Kracker seedlander crackers today and they are delicious! I'm going to try their other flavors soon. Can't believe how good these are.
the first moment you bite into this cracker, you will notice the difference.  This tasty, crunchy, organic cracker is perfect with soup or salad.  It is certified organic, using quality ingredients.  The cracker is dry, not greasy or oily like a typical potato chip.<br /><br />comes in several different varieties and flavors.<br /><br />* recommended *
These are wonderful!  So crunchy and they're made from whole spelt as well as seeds and a big helping of tasty.<br /><br />I found them remarkably filling too.  They're nice and big.  It would be easy to make these the basis for a light meal adding just a few toppings.<br /><br />I ordered these sight unseen and never tasted so I had no preconceived notions.  I'm very pleased and will order these again.
These crackers rock.  Wish company would let you buy assortment since you have to buy minimum of 6 boxes at a time.
These are excellent snack crackers, but you need a really good set of teeth to bite into them!  We have eaten them plain but they are probably excellent with cheese also.  The interesting thing is that once you manage to bite a piece off they are not hard to chew!<br /><br />Chock full of healthy seeds, these are great for either a snack or to accompany a bowl of soup or a salad.
I subscribe to these now & switch around to the different flavors sometimes. High in fiber and trace minerals, I mostly eat these with diffeent flavors of sardines (kippers), tuna, and anything else that would go good with any other crackers. This is part of my change to a healthier diet, that I started about 6 years ago, now at age fifty. My blood pressure & cholesteral are the best they have ever been. My dentist has even stated my gums are looking healthier (no more bleeding gums) a first for me. On line with the teeth issue, these probably are to hard for those with loose or weak teeth. But if you want a decently tasty cracker, to replace bad snacking habits, their probably isn't anything better. I first came across these at Jason's Deli, so I googled them and read reviews as you are doing now.If you are not sure if you will like them try getting them at your local deli. They usually have a couple of flavors and are the smaller cracker not flatbread, but taste the same. Also over the years I have modified what I eat, first I started as a lo-carber, mostly eating my favorite meats etc., but my triglicerides were always high, so I started adding sardines & more nuts & fruits, skipping more often some of my favorites like fried chicken. But have found excellent & flavorful alternatives, dark chocolate Almonds, some Sara Lee breads, lo-carb brands of tortillas.I still fall off once in a while & eat out often, but always get back on course. I feel better and healthier & actually enjoy & look forward to eating all the varieties of foods I've painstakingly researched over the years. Which I keep on hand, so as not to eat bad too often.
These are the best crackers I've ever eaten.  two crackers spread with cheese feel like a meal to my belly. I spread them with aged bleu cheese, omg good!  Why have I never tried or even seen these before?
This is the only oatmeal that my family will even consider eating.  I make it in the crock pot overnight and it is always ready when we are.  I use my small crock pot for the two of us.  I start with a 1/2 cup of oatmeal; add a dash of cinnamon and a splash of vanilla; add a 1/2 cup of milk and 2 cups cold water.  Place the lid on the crock pot and plug it in.  It will be ready in the morning when you are.  I let mine cook approx 10 hours.  My small crock pot has no settings- just off or on.  We love to add some brown sugar and dried blueberries or Craisins at the table.
I make a bowl of McCann's every morning in the little crockpot for my breakfast; add a banana, and it's perfect!!  Try it and you'll never eat 'the other stuff' again!!
I'll be honest, if you want a quick breakfast don't purchase this oatmeal. But, if you have time to spare or don't mind waiting for some "good eats", this is the oatmeal for you.<br /><br />Step 1. pour some milk into a sauce pan; Step 2. add a dash of salt [or salt to taste]; Step 3. add oatmeal, making sure it stays covered by milk; Step 4. turn on stove to low heat [not too low but definitely not too high, as you don't want the milk to evaporate/dry out leaving you with tough oats in pan] and cover pan; Step 5. do some little cleaning to built up appetite making sure to ck on progress periodically; Step 6. add more milk if oats are still too tough and let it simmer for a little while longer; Step 7. get your ladle/just pour directing into a bowl add a few raisins/cranberries/your favorite dried fruit and ENJOY!
Purchased case of 6 cans from Amazon.com for [...]  bucks including shipping.<br />Good quality slow cooking oatmeal. Good shelf life on cans. This is the slow cooking type 20-40 minutes depending on preference. Taste is good.
My daughter and I eat low-carb. Which oatmeal is not really, by the way. But I was looking for something that we could eat in the morning that was not meat/dairy/egg, and was gluten-free, and filling, without being pure sugar like most breakfast foods and especially grains. I decided to try these long-cooking irish oats. We use 2 cups water and 1/2 cup dry oats, for 1/4cup dry each. It takes this stuff 30 minutes+ to cook so it is not fast food, for sure. But strangely enough, it's filling. Adding fats (couple tablespoons of cream) to the serving helps that of course. In any case, it is much tastier, and much more long-lasting for keeping us satisfied, than I expected, and surprisingly stable on blood sugar. Nor has it set off cravings like most grains, fruits, etc. do if we eat those; the sugars digest so slowly in this apparently. It is more solid and nutty than the flakey quick-oats I grew up with, which I now consider a gummy gluey sugarbomb insult to true oats. These are harder to find and cost more but they're worth it.
Perhaps some of you are like I was... wanting to take advantage of the health benefits of oatmeal, but uncertain how to prepare it so that you and your family will actually eat it. After experimenting a bit, and reading lots of recipes, I've come up with a simple, yet tasty way to prepare McCANN's Steel Cut Irish Oatmeal. Give it a try, and you may decide that oatmeal can be a healthy and delicious addition to your breakfast menu.<br /><br />Recipe:<br /><br />- Start by bringing 3 cups of water to a boil (about 3 minutes in the microwave).<br />- In a medium saucepot, melt 1 tablespoon of butter then add 1 cup of oats. Toast the oats on medium heat for about 3 minutes.<br />- Add the boiling water to the toasted oats and simmer for 25 minutes. Don't stir. It should get to a soft bubbling simmer.<br />If it boils to hard, you stove is set too hot, so turn it down or it will burn.<br />- Add 1 cup of milk (or can do with a mix of milk and buttermilk).<br />- Cook an additional 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.<br /><br />Makes 4-5 good size servings with excellent texture and consistency. It thickens once it sits a little bit. You can increase or decrease the milk to adjust the consistency as desired. You can also save it for up to a week in the refrigerator without much difference in taste. Just store in small sealed bowls. Each can of McCANNs oatmeal makes about 16-20 servings.<br /><br />Everyone likes to top and sweeten their oatmeal differently (sugar, brown sugar, maple syrup, raisins, etc.). Only add the toppings when you're ready to eat it, not before storing in the refrigerator. For my serving, I like to add 2 tsp of brown sugar, a sprinkle of cinnamon, about 1/2 tbsp of butter, and then top with chopped pecans. Very tasty. Hope you enjoy!<br /><br />Please be kind enough to indicate if reviews are helpful.
I like it, it reminds me of food from my childhood. Not something I'd eat everyday.  Kinda like the way I feel about grits. You need to cook them for a long time. How you serve them makes all the difference in the world.  Great for baking, but you have to know the product before you try baking with it.  Taste?  Real wholesome, good stick to your ribs food, takes some effort like granola. Healthy eating?  Yes.
If you follow the cooking directions, in my opinion, you have wallpaper paste.  Cut the cooking time from 30 minutes to 20 minutes, and it is much better - a little chewy, but that's how I like it!  Breakfast takes more planning now, since it's a longer cooking time than my old brand - but good taste and worth it.
We were introduced to McCANN's oatmeal a few years ago by close friends.  We were able to find it locally in a few stores near where we live.  However the these few stores gradually became fewer until the product was no longer available to us.  This left us with the internet as the only option for obtaining this product.  Hopefully this resource will not fade away.<br /><br />Joyce
Very satisfied with this product ; excellent flavor and texture; recomment for those looking for good  breakfast choice
Delighted with my first ever Irish Oats/Steel Cut.  As a Diabetic this should help me with my blood sugar -- natural carb with a slow release!<br /><br />Cook up a batch in the slow cooker and use left overs (microwave) for a couple of days.  Great . . . will be purchasing more.<br /><br />Thanks McCann's and Amazon.
I have been having Quaker Oatmeal for yesrs until trying this today! The texture and the taste are completely different from the pressed oat. It worths cooking for half hour. My son love it at the first bite! My 8-month-old baby is also love it! I uaually cook the portion which will be enough for 2~3 days. Drop one spoon or two into the worm milk every morning to make my breakfast much more healthier! This one is so good that it will be hard for me to go back to pressed oatmeal.....
I really like this product to add to water so that I don't have to drink so much Gatorade and sweetened/acidic beverages.  I use this because I have very low sodium levels and my doctors do not want me drinking "free water".<br /><br />The only complaint I have is that it didn't arrive when promised and I didn't have it in time to take with me on vacation.
I ordered these for my upcoming wedding candy buffet. I am doing all navy and white and these go perfectly. They are individually wrapped and a true navy color. The packaging was great. Each lollipop is wrapped in bubble wrap. Love them!
These lollipops are are well done, look exactly like the picture. Not a single one was broken! They packaged each lollipop so nicely, very impressed!
Perfect! These are great vintage looking lollipops for our vintage wedding. Good quality. Pic on Amazon selling page is what you get.
About ten years ago my wife and I stayed at a small resort near Domenical, Costa Rica.  Lizano was on every table in the restaurant.  We were quickly hooked.  Lizano goes great with eggs, beans, rice, tortillas, pork, fish, etc.  It's really tasty and nothing taco sauce or steak sauce.  We're on our second case now.  Give it a try.
About twenty years ago, I visited Costa Rico, and on my very first night, I stopped at a small restaurant, and ended up eating what is the typical dish. Rice, with some vegetables mixed in, also some chicken. The chicken and veggies are chopped up into small pieces, and all of it is cooked in a pan, and served warm. It is really good, but what really makes it is the Salsa Lizano, which used to be on every table in Costa Rico, now you may have to ask for it, as it is really popular. This salsa is great on cabbage, chicken, rice dishes, just about anything. I always made a point of bring a bottle or two home with me, as it was not possible to purchase anywhere in America.<br /><br />  Trust me, try some of this stuff, you will not regret it. Also, it is not what I would consider a hot sauce. Sure it has a little heat, but very mild.
Yes I read the other reviews. And given the review dates and my other experiences with Earth's Best I was not too concerned that the problems mentioned would still be an issue. And they were not.<br /><br />We have tried almost all of the gourmet line of Earth's Best and these are great for adding protein to your little one's (LO) diet. Google the Earth Best's website for complete nutrition info. Most 2nd stage food have between 2 and 3 grams of protein a serving. This one has 5grams of protein and only 2 grams of sugars. Our LO likes the taste and we like the ingridients and nutrition profile. Recommended.
Organic, and loaded with calories, fat and protein, this the ONLY baby food with meat that my picky little one will happily eat.  I've found that very few groceries carry this near my home (and I live in metropolitan Seattle) and so I've resorted to ordering it by the case from Amazon.  The free 2 day shipping Rocks!
This jar of baby food has 7 GRAMS of FAT and 110 calories - thats triple the fat and double the calories of most baby food!  I highly recommend for babies needing to put on some lbs - as well as picky eaters.  I have to offer my son a variety of 7-8 foods each meal (cheese, avacado, chunks of meat...etc) b/c he turns up his nose at so much (and I can't just say 'well too bad' b/c he desperately needs the calories!) But this is one of the foods he rarely turns down.  I highly recommend.
I wondered why my 10-month olds liked this one so much when the other reviews weren't so promising.  Then I noted that it has twice the calories as the green bean casserole and sweet ingredients that are proven winners with my kids.<br /><br />Here's the ingredient list: Water, Organic Carrots, Organic Mango Puree, Organic Finely Ground Chicken, Organic Whole Grain Brown Rice Flour, Organic Yellow Split Pea Flakes, Calcium Carbonate.<br /><br />Anything that starts with carrots and mango is going to be fairly sweet, and this one is sweet.  The consistency seemed very normal, perhaps because it has plenty of water - that's the first ingredient.  Unlike most Earth Best flavor brands, this one has calcium.  The stated amount is 35% of their daily needs.  I've been informed that the percentage of daily needs met is based on an adult.<br /><br />I recommend this particular one, Chicken Mango Risotto, because I think babies will tend to like it as mine did.<br /><br />These cases are being delivered to my home constantly, different varieties of Earth's Best subscriptions.  On occasion a case will arrive in a mess with one or more broken jars. Over time I figured out it would cost the vendor too much to package these jars well enough to ensure no breakage. Now when a case arrives with one or more broken jars, I report it and can get credited for the broken ones only. Of course it's messy when a jar is broken, but I don't have a store nearby that sells this product except one that lists it at a higher price.
The other reviews are very outdated & old. We never had any issues with the quality of this product. My daughter loved it; I loved the fact that she was getting good protein. Most of the other earth's best baby foods have carrot/squash/sweet potatoes, which is fine, however my daughter was turning orange from so many orange veggies. I liked that this one had NO orange veggies in the ingredient list. Slightly more expensive than other meals, which I think is due to the fact it has a lot of meat in it.
If baby likes that's what matters! Happy baby! Happy mommy! Only thing is the color of food that stain anything, but, oh, well, just washed right the way!
My 7 mo old despises all things fruit-related (we think it's too sweet for her) yet she likes this one just fine!  I'm perplexed that so many other reviewers say their baby hates it, although I must admit I haven't tasted it myself.  For us it's a tasty way to get her to eat a little more fruit every day.
I purchased this product from B-R-US when it was on sale and my son seems to like it. I was scared of previous post of mold and I ALWAYS double check the food before I stir and serve. He seems to like it, but I recommend the Chicken Sweet Potato dinner.
Let me start by saying my 7 month old son, who is used to my home prepared baby foods LOVES this, as a once in a blue moon convenience meal! I've tried it and it tastes pretty good to me too. Rare in the baby food industry.<br /><br />I am following a weaning guide that I used for my daughter, and it makes you pretty wary of commercial baby foods as babies easily get used to the bland, watery taste and sometimes take a lot of coaxing to go back to home made, healthy meals, resulting in picky toddlers and children. My daughter is now 3 and has never refused a home cooked meal yet, and I attribute that to the hard work I put in in the first year. Another problem with commercial baby foods is that they are usually so padded out with water that nutritional needs aren't fully met during the day and babies can start waking in the night due to genuine hunger.<br /><br />I'd love to ask, who came up with the magical 4oz measurement for all stage 2 baby food jars and packets, though? My son takes more like 6oz of my home prepared meals which are much "fuller", so I've had to add a little sweet potato to this to increase the volume. And it does seem really quite runny and padded out with water, so I add a teaspoon or 2 of rice cereal to thicken it up a little. Before long, I'm sure he'll just be on 2 full 4oz jars when I give him this.<br /><br />All that said, I'll reiterate, it is really quite tasty for a commercial baby food, and I have no problem giving it to my son once in a while. I do recommend!
The Earth's best 'grourmet' line is heavy on the protein. And as far as I know adequate protein is important for babies and they need, like the rest of us, good iron levels.<br /><br />The beef and spinach contains 5 grams per serving. You can check your cans, but most of the other's we use the protein is 2 grams. Our daughter likes it. It is also the least expensive of the 'gourmet' line and this is not something I could find in local stores. Recommended.
My picky eater LOVES this flavor.  Each jar is 110 calories & 5 grams of fat so this momma LOVES this flavor as well.  I'm ordering more because it's the one flavor (besides green beans) that I know my son will eat.
This is a terrific baby food.  It has beef and spinach AND tastes great!  It was the first meat baby food my son would eat.  I tasted it myself and it's quite good.
My baby is 8 months and I purchased the gourmet meals pack. She really liked this one best out of all of them.
My daughter loves this!  She is picky so she doesn't always eat as many healthy foods as she should.  This flavor gives her the vegetables and protein that she needs.  It is a little bit grainier than other stage 2 foods but still very usable for babies over 6 months.
I have never had a problem with anything from Amazon.  I have ordered about 30 cases of Earth's best baby food.  This is the most tasty and nutritious variety they offer.  5 grams of protein, and 15% iron! I have it on my subscribe and save.  He can't get enough of this, he eats it everyday!
We live in the middle of nowhere so we end up ordering a lot of spices etc. that can't be found locally.  This gives great chipotle taste with just a little sprinkled on.  I'm going to order a few more of these because I never want to run out of it.
The breeder of my puppy uses this, and I continued to feed with this supplement. Dog loves the taste, and makes her boring dry food more interesting- she gobbles it up. I notice her coat is beautiful. Good ingredients. I would recommend this.
My dogs love these and even my allergy dogs can eat them too !!<br />thanks for have these on your site again 5 stars! and paws up for old mother hubbard  & Wellness treats<br />thanks<br />Pepper Love
Old Mother Hubbard biscuits (we've tried these as well as the puppy variety) are the only true biscuits my dogs like! They would eat the whole bag if I let them. The only thing I don't like is they contain wheat, but as long as your dog doesn't have a wheat allergy, it's no big deal. I would definitely recommend them.
Use these as treats for my five labs.  Use only this type as they contain the ingredients I am looking for and are a great size for labs.  Ordered them for years.  Dogs love them.
I'm not much of a chocolate and peanut butter person, but these chocolates are the perfect combination of both.  The different flavors have definitely made me a fan.
Bought this for my chocolate lover boyfriend and he loved it ! he shared it with me and they were delicious. Thank you!
some of the best chocolates i ever tasted. If you are a chocolates lover then you have to try these
You can taste the quality and care that goes into these chocolates. Great flavor, I highly recommend it. You have to try for yourself!
I never drank coffee in my life - received a gift of Ghiradelli chocolate flavored coffee for Christmas - searched on line and found this Dark Chocolate Decadence. It is the absolute best - have it on bi-monthly subscription order now with Amazon. If you are a fan of dark chocolate - this is a wonderful coffee - very smooth with just a hint a dark chocolate in the background. Delicious sweetened with honey and milk. Also divine with Almond Milk or Vanilla Soy Milk.  Coffee Masters make wonderful coffee.
i love that i can get both flavors in one container. and at the asians store around where i'm at they go for about a buck, sometimes more. so this is definitely a good deal and even cheaper when you subscribe and save
Same stable and good quality of Meiji Yan Yan. When I got the good deal from Amazon.com, the price is even better than those available in local Asian store, which is really rare.
I bought these for my son's 12th birthday party favor/goodie bag.  It's hard to put together a goodie bag for 12 year old boys, but this is something that everyone likes!
It's exactly what I wanted. It's yummy. Make sure you eat your chocolate dip before the strawberry, because you won't like it the other way around. It's perfect.
This mix is easy to prepare and very tasty. The only prep work consists of cutting up a zucchini which takes less than a minute. The seasoning is excellent, very flavorful but not too spicy. Sometimes low-salt mixes are spiced up with a lot of pepper but not this one. Excellent for vegetarians.
My dog loves this flavor. Quality of cookie overall is very good. This particular smell drives him crazy!! On Amazon I get much chipper than in a store.
Dogs love them and they are made the best way, They are about $4.00 cheaper that the pet stores and no tax
Old Mother Hubbard treats are the best and at a reasonable price. Their treats come in a lot of different sizes and flavors. They offer a variety of products that all dogs will love. My three black labs love the peanut butter and Bac'N"Cheez.
We live an hour away from any stores that would carry this product so it's easier and cheaper than making the trip.
The first batch I got must have been a bad batch, because it seemed to have a "burned coffee" smell, and smelled a bit more like chocolate raspberry or some other flavor rather than pure chocolate. It made me wonder whether Coffee Masters uses the same equipment to make both a chocolate raspberry flavor and the dark chocolate decadence flavor, and if the flavors got mixed during the manufacturing process.<br /><br />Since then, I have ordered it several more times and have been more satisfied with it. There are times, however, when those burned flavor notes creep back in, depending on the bag. I sometimes wonder if Coffee Masters overroasts their beans.<br /><br />I originally bought this coffee instead of the chocolate coffee I used to regularly enjoy but could not find on Amazon, Brothers Gourmet Coffee Chocolate Swirl.  The Coffee Masters Dark Chocolate Decadence bean is darker, oilier, and richer than the Brothers bean.  The Brothers bean coffee is milder, more like Swiss chocolate.<br /><br />I still might prefer the medium-bean Brothers Blend over this coffee, even though it is a medium bean and not a dark bean, as the flavor profile tastes more like real chocolate.<br /><br />UPDATE: I am now actively seeking out coffees that are fair trade or direct trade or advertise ethical practices. Those that ignore the plight of the farmer and show no transparency in the process of the coffee from field to table I do not buy any longer. So this brand is no longer one that I will purchase. Plus they engage in farming activities that are not ecologically sound. I suggest starting with Intelligentsia.
Sounds corny but oh so true.  The aroma is pungent with the savory smell of coffee and the sweetness of chocolate.  The chocolate flavor is rich yet delicate so it doesn't overwhelm.  I purchased four bags of the ground coffee first for my daughter.  She insisted I taste it even tho I don't like flavored coffee or 'dark' chocolate. I enjoyed it so much I took back a bag and purchased 4 bags of the whole beans to grind when needed for that added freshness.  While I will not drink flavored coffee all the time, I feel it's a treat to start or end my day with a cup of this delicious coffee. My daughter also enjoys this coffee cold.
We like to mix this with regular coffee because it's so strong and rich by itself that it makes it go further and isn't too overpowering.
Another great hit from Coffee masters!  This one has a rich, dark chocolate flavor that's not too intense but just right.  The coffee is foll-bodied and very smooth.  I will definitely order more from Amazon.
I have really fallen for flavored coffees and I consider these to be some of the best-- so much so that I'm on the regular shipment list now.  I'm sure I drink too much of this but I love the flavors.  Try it, I'm sure you'll like it.
We really like this coffee, it has great flavor and we make it strong. We do the subscribe thing and it works out about right.
This like yummy homemade hot cocoa, with the benefit of being a delicious cup of coffee, too!  This is a GREAT deal!  Get it while it lasts!  Good to the last drop, you could say!<br />Enjoy!
My female Pixie Bob cat, Pawnee, is extremely finicky about her canned food.  She will touch nothing but Instinct's rabbit formula, and licks her plate clean each morning.  The Instinct brand is nothing but the best, whether it is a canned formula or dry.
This is a great food and my cat loves it! The only thing that seems a bit strange to me is the difference in consistency between batches, and even the difference in consistency between the 3 ounce cans and the 5 ounce cans. Seriously, it looks like a different food, with the 3 ounce cans looking much smoother in texture, and the 5 ounce cans looking much more "grainy". I hope that the following review will help someone with a cat that has stomach issues similar to mine...<br /><br />I have tried many, many products aimed at helping with digestive upset for my cat. Her pain and suffering was so great that I thought I was going to have to put her to sleep. I went to multiple vets and had thousands of dollars worth of diagnostics done to try and find out why she was having acid reflux, crying and subsequently vomitting (endoscopy, xray, ultrasound, bloodwork, etc). One vet told me to just give her pepcid. This worked for a while, but then became completely ineffective after a while. The same vet then told me that she probably just has food allergies and would have to be on steroids for the rest of her life, and thats all that could be done, and prescribed different kinds of Science Diet (which we all know is actually a terrible food for cats with digestive problems).<br /><br />Well, what do you know, the steroids didn't help AT ALL. I tried probiotics of various brands for pets, I tried digestive enzymes, I tried many different natural products designed to help ease digestive / intestinal inflammation.... I tried a homiopathic vet (the only one in my area) and spent a few thousand more dollars rerunning tests and running other tests for pancreatitis, etc. I tried MAKING her food from raw meat to try and eliminate food allergies to commericial foods as a potential problem, etc. I TRIED EVERYTHING, but still my cat was constantly licking her lips, then crying in terrible pain and vomitting very consistently, and now was losing interest in her food and was losing weight and starting to look boney. I was determined to not give up on her though. I had just lost my wife to infection during a failed bone marrow transplant / cancer during all this, and was not about to give up on my girl.<br /><br />I stopped making her food and started getting her Natures Variety canned Rabbit formula and the duck formula. She loved the food but it did not seem to be helping her feel all that much better, even though a lot of other people were having great success. I then found a site called wellvet dot com that said that the Ulcinex was very effective at repairing ulcers and the stomach lining in pets. It also said that it was very effective at controlling vomitting that occurs a few hours after eating, which is EXACTLY what was consistently happening, and no other product that I had found so far claimed to do same thing. I was skeptical as soon as it started talking about chinese herbs and such, but I figured it was worth a shot.<br /><br />I started giving this as prescribed from wellvet ALONG WITH Georges Aloe Vera juice (the one without preservatives and no taste), which is said to help a lot for acid reflux sufferers (I found a few people that said it worked great for their cats), and continuing the rabbit / duck formula. All the while praying, within a few days I started noticing a drastic improvement. She was licking her lips less, and was able to relax for longer periods of time without jumping up in pain and crying. She vommitted once within a several day period. Several days later, NO MORE CRYING, and instead of hiding behind the bedroom door licking her lips the whole night, she started sleeping with me at night like she used to. Now, several weeks later, she is literally 90% better. NO MORE VOMITTING AT ALL, is in very little pain, VERY little lip licking and only very occasionally at that. She also gets much more rest, and has put on several pounds and is back above her normal weight and has a nice chubby belly. My cat suffered daily for 2 long years during this whole process before I found this and the other two mentioned products. The aloe vera juice on its own didn't seem to completely do the trick, so I think its the combination of the three things that is really effective. I only hope that no permanent damage has already been done, but now I have my cat back and don't have to suffer through losing a great wife and a great cat. If you have a cat with severe stomach issues, you owe it to yourself and your cat to try this along with the Georges Aloe Vera and Ulcinex.<br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0006IICOM">Metagenics - Ulcinex - 90 Tablets</a><br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000QV9TA0">Warren Laboratories - George's Aloe Vera, 64 fl oz liquid</a>
I was at my wits end with hypoallergenic foods for my cat with IBD. This one is one he will finally eat, and even ask for. Nothing is more heartrending than trying to get a sick cat to eat, and putting expensive prescription food down to have him sniff, walk away, and cry for food.. I was so relieved when I found this. My cat is now maintaining.. I pray they continue to make it for years to come!
We tried all flavors for our cats and the rabbit was the apparent favorite for all of them. Took a recommendation from catinfo.org for this food as it is closest to the diet that a cat would naturally eat. Coats are softer and glossy. Energy levels seem to be up. Quite pleased with the results so far.
A few years ago, my cat was diagnosed with food allergies that previously undiagnosed had led to IBD and then Pancreatitis. We went through just about every limited ingredient food to find one he would eat consistently.  He finally settled on Nature's Variety Instinct. Lamb and Rabbit he'll eat every time and all the time. Duck and Venison, he'll also eat just not always.<br /><br />He still suffers from IBD and will have pancreatitis flare ups if given chicken, but his coat is soft and shiny. He's active (at 13 yrs old). And he rarely throws up. I couldn't survive, he couldn't survive, without this food.<br /><br />I'm glad the company finally started to make 3 oz cans. Mr. Picky doesn't doesn't like leftovers. It doesn't hurt as much to toss out 1.5 oz as it does 4 oz.
I have been finding quality food for one of my kitties who has developed an allergy to chicken.  I hesitated on this brand because of the price, but then when I saw how limited my choices were I broke down and ordered a few of the flavors.  I have to say I am very pleased with the quality.  I also ordered some Evo venison and duck as well as the Natural Balance limited ingredients venison with peas and the duck with peas.  Neither of those COMPARE to this brand and my cats testify to that as well as I do.  The texture is so much better and she loves these the most.  I have gotten her the rabbit, duck and venison and she eats them all with more relish that either Evo or Natural Balance.  I do have to say that of those lesser brands, the Natural Balance venison does have a nice texture and not as "pasty" as the duck with peas.  Mabel wasn't as crazy about it though, although she did eat it all but not with the same excitement as the Instinct brand.  When you are having a problem with a cat that can not or will not eat something, when you find something she will, it is worth it's weight in gold!  This brand is a keeper.
Why is it so hard to find rabbit-based cat food??<br /><br />I like to give my cat variety in his diet; his main foods are mostly poultry, but I like to keep the fish and red meat to a minimum.  After my last cat was diagnosed with diabetes I did a lot of in-depth research on feline diets.  One veterinarian who's written extensively about homemade cat foods was fond of using rabbit as a poultry alternative because it's closest to what a small cat would eat in the wild.  It's particularly excellent to supplement a diet when the cat is sensitive to fish (as many are).  It's also higher in fat than fish - many fish-based foods I looked at only took 15 to 20% of their calories from fat, and a cat needs more than that.<br /><br />This food fits the bill!  It's got an excellent ingredient list.  It's grain-free, which is what I consider to be the most important qualification, and doesn't contain animal "meal" or by-products.<br /><br />There are three reasons I'm giving it four stars instead of five.  First, it's expensive.  Rabbit meat, by weight, is going to be pricey, so I'm not surprised...but just because I think it's worth the price doesn't mean I wouldn't like to pay less!  Second, my cat isn't crazy about it.  It's got a ground texture and he's very fussy about only eating shredded meat.  I solved this by mixing a 3 oz can of this food with a 3 oz can of shredded chicken (of a different brand) and he gobbled it up.  I just wish I didn't have to take that extra step.  Finally, it's awfully dry.  It was actually a surprise.  The meat itself is very dry, and the liquid in the can is totally separated.  I think most cat foods use thickeners so that the gravy clings to the meat, and this one doesn't.  Since one of the many advantages of canned food is that it helps to keep the cat hydrated - they have a low thirst drive and are built to take in much of their fluids with their food - I was a bit disappointed.  And surprised the first time I tipped what looked like a can full of meat too far to the side and ended up with watery cat food juice on my hand and the kitchen floor!  But this was also solved by mixing it with a chicken-in-gravy food.<br /><br />Those complaints aren't enough to keep me from buying this food, though.  It's still a great cat food with a hard-to-find protein source and a good ingredient list.  It's a bit expensive for me to use as a main food, but a can or two a week gives just the right amount of variety.
One of my cats developed a food allergy and was throwing up anything he ate. There are many types of food that the vet recommended trying (duck, venison, etc.) but he refused to eat any of those.<br /><br />Then we found this food, and all is good again.<br /><br />Thank goodness there's something he will deign to eat that won't aggravate his food allergies!
The vet recommended rabbit-based food for my cat, and that is difficult to find.  She seems to be allergic to chicken and the regular cat food menu.  Unfortunately, she's not crazy about this food, but that's just because she's a spoiled brat cat.
Just kind of yeast shopping one day. You're at the store and thinking, man, I really need to get me some new yeast. This sounded intriguing. An Alt strain, clean and rapid fermentation. Tolerant of cold conditions. In short, it is a hard working and industrious yeast that does its job without much fanfare. And it cleans up after itself. Only the Germans would have such a yeast. It's not like the California yeasts that are kind of fruity, or the British yeasts that just leave a mess. It's very German.<br /><br />You could easily pass this off as a lager yeast. I did a very simple wheat / pale malt light ale. 1.032 OG. 1.008 FG. Fermented at about 60-62 give or take. Grain to bottle in a week. I wasn't too concerned with flocculation or haze but that's just me. Cracked on the other day just to get a taste. Extremely clean. You can taste every single grain of the malt. I didn't hop it much. Maybe 15 IBU tops with magnum. Very nice lawnmower or pounding beer.<br /><br />Blow off tube is mandatory. Next project is a 1.062 American wheat. Blew out the airlock. I had 5 gallons in a 6 gallon carboy and it wanted enough space for 10 gallons. Very vigorous.<br /><br />If you want an absolutely crisp, clean yeast that produces very lager like beers and can tolerate temps down to about 55, this is it. Seems to really accentuate malt. Very nice yeast, but I like a little yeast profile so I don't know if I'm in love with it. Just impressed at how clean it is.
So let's be honest. I have severe anxiety and depression issues which has gone on my whole life. I have been prescribed dozens of different meds to help with it but nothing has. Also, I don't have insurance so I literally put out hundreds a month to try new drugs that didn't help. More importantly, the side effects were sometimes as bad or worse than my symptoms. I have also tried other natural cures that didn't help.<br /><br />Several of my friends suggested I smoke hemp as a natural cure. I'm not against it but I'm not a smoker and I've had professional jobs where I could be tested, anyway. So I thought, let's check Amazon and see what natural hemp products are available.<br /><br />First I tried hemp powder, which I also reviewed if you're interested, and it tasted like sand. It will take me all year to be able to finish the 3 lb bag and that's if I ever do. Then I tried this.<br /><br />I'm very honest in my reviews so I wouldn't recommend this if it didn't truly help. It's not a placebo-effect thing, either. I have tried too many meds for that to even be a possibility, trust me.<br /><br />The one thing I can tell you for certain is within the first week it greatly and noticeably increased my energy levels. I have done more around the house in the past few months than I've done in the past few years. I have gone through 2 subscriptions of this and the energy hasn't gone away. I am a big and tall person so I take 4 in the morning and 4 at night, usually.<br /><br />Anyone who has depression/anxiety issues knows that sometimes you barely feel like getting out of bed most days. You get a heavy feeling like there's lead in your veins. If you've been through it then you understand what I'm talking about.<br /><br />I can say with 100% honesty that it has given me way more energy and it has helped with that heavy feeling. Can I guarantee it will work? No. My aunt and mom tried a couple just one time and they didn't notice any difference. But it has sure worked for me taking it daily. What I can tell you is that you should at least try it. If it doesn't help, just don't buy it again. But it is sure worth a try because it might help you as much as it has me. I will take this supplement for the rest of my life, as far as I'm concerned. That's how much it has helped.<br /><br />I hope it works for you, too.
This HEMP OIL is excellent stuff. For real, if you are using fish oil, this actually has MORE omega 3's and has many other medicinal values.<br />Combine this with hemp seeds (in smoothies) and you will notice a difference in any aches in your knees and your hair will shine and your body will be filled with antioxidants.<br />ANYTHING HEMP ROCKS. YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED in this product and it came on time and was packaged well. (3) bottles for this price is a great value.
The capsules are easy for my wife to take, they really help her crohn's disease. After reviewing and reasearching we found that hemp seed oil helps crohn's disease. She has tried all the prescription meds which if you read the after affects on them they are worse than the crohn's disease. This product has really helped her from having to many episodes or being sick as often.
I'm not one to believe in supplements, but this product was the only thing that helped my anxiety. I was getting really bad panic attacks from what my doctor said was anxiety. I feel overall much healthier after taking this product and I haven't had barely any anxiety issues. Definitely recommend this to anyone that is trying to tame their high stress or anxiety.
Our acupuncturist recommended this to us,  to lower my cholesterol and to lower my husband's blood pressure.  So far so good.  We have been taking it for a little over a month, so in a few more months, we'll have a better idea of its effectiveness.  We take two capsules in the morning and two at night
This is a great source of essential fatty acids without the unpleasant tasting burps of fish oil or flax seed oil, which also doesn't agree with my stomach.  I also think it helps my IBS symptoms.
I take it every day. I used to take fish oil but when I made the change to plant based oil for my body, it was like night and day. I felt the change, and loved it.
This product is excellent! I HIGHLY recommend it... It has the balances of nutrients I was looking for but also non GMO... The product shipped quickly and is very high quality hemp seed oil. I'm extremely impressed! I can't wait to buy my next supply because of all the benefits! I've already noticed a difference in how my skin behaves, how my hair grows and the strength of my nails and I've only been taking it for about 10 days!! I don't experience nearly as much nausea with taking this supplement as I do with others (such as flaxseed oil) and I also don't have to worry about the presence of GMO substances in it either. Thanks again for selling such a wholesome product :)
This has been a boon for my digestive system! I take 3 tablets twice daily -- morning (after breakfast) and evening (after dinner). I haven't had any problems whatsoever for at least the last couple of months of taking the Hemp Oil capsules! I plan to continue taking them for a long time into the future!<br /><br />BTW, I started taking these capsules because Hemp Oil contains essential Omega-6 and Omega-3 fatty acids in the 3:1 "balanced" ratio, and the capsules don't have the "weird" after-taste that plain Hemp Oil does.
I purchased the hemp oil for my mom to help with pain relieve. The Omega oils are suppose to help with join movement and pain. I have noticed that when she takes the vitamin her pain is less than the times that we are out and she has to wait.
I Love this brand....and please tell EVERYONE you know...Hemp oil is sooooo beneficial for you...do your research...you will understand that getting 3 Omegas and some
It is hard to tell most of the time if supplements work but I just have a greater sense of well being when I take this product. It really is a good source for essential fatty acids. I expect to keep taking it.
The hemp oil soft gels really help my sensitive digestion (along with the probiotic, enzyme and lactose pills).  Of course, I still have to watch what I eat and how fast I eat it (slowing down really helps bad digestion).  I suggest buying this product in bulk because the more you take the better it seems to help.
I've tried most of the Virginia chutney Co. (VCC) product range and particularly like their spicy plum chutney. It is good with cold meats, salads, cheddar cheese, and curries
I first tasted this at Petrossian.  I had ordered Green Tea and when I tasted it, I was a little shocked that it was not regular green tea.  I noticed the citron immediately and it was fantastic.  It complimented the tea very well.  The tea is very light.  Au Bon Pain also carries this tea.  Try it out!
One of my favorite restaurants serves this tea iced. They were kind enough to share the brand name with me when I asked. It makes wonderful, refreshing and healthful iced tea. Highly recommend.
As a gum addict, I was looking for a natural alternative to the artificial-flavor/artificial-sweetener varieties. This gum is great. Now, the flavor comes from real peppermint, so it's not going to last as long as the fake stuff, nor it will be as mind-blowingly intense as some of the new super-flavored gums.  But if that's ok with you and you'd like to chew something that doesn't put weird chemicals into your body, this is for you.  It's expensive, sadly, but what can you expect? Buying it in bulk here helps.
I like to chew gum and I also like my teeth.  I am also allergic to most artifical sweetners and it is getting more and more difficult to find sugar free gums that do not contain aspartame.  This is why I purchased this product in the first place.  I like the flavor and it lasts quite a long time.  The packets are the perfect size to fit in your pocket or purse.  I always have some on hand at work, especially for after lunch.  I will certainly be buying more.
Very tasty gum and the xylitol is wonderful.  My youngest daughter's dentist recommneds that she chew xylitol gum 3 to 4 times each day to help prevent cavities.  Her baby teeth had a cavity in every tooth along with three crowns!!!!  Her adult teeth seem to be much more cavity resistent and I believe the gum is helping prevent the cavities.
If you look at the vast majority of sugar free gums in the store, you'll see all kinds of nasty chemicals on the ingredients label.  There are a few xylitol sweetened options available online and at health food or vitamin stores.  Xylitol is a sugar alcohol that can safely be consumed by diabetics and purportedly PREVENTS tooth decay and has some other health benefits (research it).  XyliChew is the only brand I've found that I can definitively say is NOT produced in China or sourced from materials produced in China.  XyliChew is produced in Finland.  Given China's contaminated products record the past few years, I would trust a product from Finland over China any day.  The gum itself has a nice peppermint flavor that does not last too long.  That's okay by me, as I generally just chew this gum after a meal for dental health.  It's pretty expensive, but you can get free shipping and a discount through Amazon's "Subscribe & Save" program.  XyliChew comes in other flavors, but the last time I checked Peppermint is the only one available through the "Subscribe & Save" program.<br />**IMPORTANT NOTE: Keep any products with xylitol away from dogs; it's toxic to them.
This is an excellent sugar-free gum for those who don't want saccarine or aspertame. Many commercial gums that are advertised as containing xylitol also contain unnatural, chemical sweeteners. The flavor and soft texture lasts very well in the peppermint and fruit flavors. Another family member really enjoys the licorice one. The chocolate has a disappointing flavor, and the cinnamon, which to me tastes like almond at first, quickly gets hard and loses flavor. Haven't tried spearmint. While the serving size is listed as 2 pieces, I find 1 is exactly the right amount for my mouth.
I'm into maximizing health. I don't use any artificial sweeteners or refined sugars in any form. Xylichew was a great find because its ingredient list is actually safe. This is rare for a gum. The gum has a great taste, it has the right amount of sweetness, and the pieces are a good size. I take half a piece at a time, while my wife prefers a whole piece. If you are looking for a safe gum - this is the one. And Amazon has such a sweet deal on it - don't pass it up!
I had a very long day. Got to work early, worked about nine hours, headed for the airport and had to go through a connecting flight and about 5 hours of travel. And when I got home I still had some work to do and needed a boost to get me through it.<br /><br />After hearing a radio ad for this product, I picked up a two-pack and used one of them when I got home.<br /><br />It promised five hours of energy without crashing. I can't attest to the five hours (didn't quite pay attention), but it did last for quite a while and I had no crash effect in the end. I wasn't overly anxious or nervous, but I could think clearly and get the work done that I needed to get done. So it most definately delivers on its promises.<br /><br />The things that I like the most is the fact that there is no sugar. I also appreciate the fact that they use water instead of carbonated water, which is the main reason I don't like the Monsters, Rockstar, Red Bull, etc products (diet versions, of course). It also gives all this energy in 2 ounces instead of having to drink a large soda can worth of drink. The taste wasn't fantastic, but it could have been much worst and only takes a good gulp to get it all down.<br /><br />I've been looking for a product like this to get me going in the mornings and this seems to fit the bill. My only problem with this is that it is a bit on the pricey side. Today I am also trying out one that is similar, called Enduroshot, a 2.2 ounce energy shot that claims all the same benefits that this promises but at a MUCH lower price. I'll do a review on that sometime soon in the future. If I feel just as awake and alert as I do with 5-hour energy, then I will use it instead. Otherwise, Chaser has a new, steady customer.
although the taste leaves something to be desired, 5-hour energy worked very well.  i drank one halfway through my workday, and pepped up enough to go out and wash the ambulance.  my arms hurt later that night, but the product itself worked for me.
well u get the energy u really want for the 5 hours and it really boast u a bit but that u will be calm again and need to rest.. not bad great product
The energy drink is a great product. The shipping price is crazy tho. I paid more for the shipping then both products together, so not a great deal.
I recently gave up my major 20 year Diet Coke addiction.  I did it for a number of reasons.  I typically wake VERY early to hit the gym before work & needed something to help me wake up at 4:30 AM.  This product is GREAT.  No over-stimulation as it only has the caffeine equivalent of 1 cup of jo. It is also SUGAR FREE and has 0 Net Carbs!! I do feel the energy quickly & it lasts the 5 hours it claims.  The berry flavor is pleasant, but tart so I drink some water as a "chaser" (no pun intended).  I drink water the rest of the day & only use 1 in the morning unless I have a "late" meeting scheduled.
Finally, a product that gives you that extra boost you need for anything from travel delays to the overdue stack of paperwork. You feel the effects instantly with more energy and a higher concentration level.  It stays with you and does not leave you feeling dopey or spent when it wears off.
This is the best energy product I have ever used. It starts working right away and keeps you going for a long time.
I sampled this cake as offered from Biscoff 1 month ago and fell in love.  It is extremely moist and is most delicious when sliced thin to accompany a cup of coffee. The ingredients are perfectly blended as no one taste is overpowering, but you are able to taste each individual ingredient.  If you are looking for a great coffee or tea accompaniment, please give this cake a try!
This is the moistest, most delicious cake in the world.  if you like almond tarts, marzipan, that kind of taste, you will be in love with this cake.  Normally I think packaged cake is awful, by the way.  This one is amazing.
First, the ingredients list is wrong.  They are almonds, not cashews.  I don't have a recent bag (just ordered), but I have seen some with tapioca syrup and some with rice syrup listed in the ingredients.  My 6 year old son has tons of foods he needs to avoid, so these distinctions are important to us!  Luckily, he has been able to eat these and loves them.<br /><br />The pieces in the bag vary in size.  The most typical is about 1-1.5" long by ~3/4" wide.  There will be some loose crumbs in the bottom too.  It looks like they make them in a big pan and then cut them down.  I would compare them to bite-size (or 2-bite sized) granola bars.  It is just the right amount of sweetness added.  I love that these have a nice protein boost when I need to grab something and go.
I spent some time searching for an alcohol free rum flavor to make daiquiri sorbet, and LorAnn has produced the best flavor thus far (which tastes outstanding).  It blows away the competitors that I have tried.  Baking with it has not yet been attempted, but I imagine there would be similar results.  The price is quite reasonable for a 4 oz bottle, although it is much more so if multiple bottles are ordered (save on shipping).  It has natural and artificial ingredients; I would prefer it to be all natural, but that's a price I'm willing to pay for the flavor.  I predict this will remain my alcohol free rum flavor of choice.
Raw is eating from your Organic garden of fresh grown fruits and vegetables.It is also all the nuts growing from the mountains that surrounds us through out the land from the forest. Although grown from a tiny little seed that the sun and rain helps in growth it is our heavenly father our creator God who truly makes them grow and should be appreciated for his gift of life to us all and for our home the planet we call earth .<br />I used to be a true vegetarian then I went to only eating Poultry and some fish and eggs through out the years.Now I will eat vegetarian soup made with some beef stock but I don't care for the meat itself and no pork.<br />I am still Organic Alternative and Green but I am slowly trying to go back to being that true vegetarian that I used to be however going raw will take a some time because I have a little hard time chewing with my teeth like my friend but after I get my dentures I will be able to adjust into it .Right now I am canning for winter storage.I have dehydrated my whole garden into green super power food that I added to my barley greens. note if you choose to cook get the Fagor Pressure cooker caner That I got it helps make the meals go quicker and is a lot healthier than baking and Broiling or grilling and never fry food.<br />Well I will let you know how the canning turn out and one day I'd like to make home made all fruit yes that's right not jelly or jam.<br />Hi Again so far so good I have canned 4 pint jars of my home made spaghetti sauce with 4 of Chili and 4 vegetarian soups with 2 red cabbages and they sealed and are ready for winter when things get rough as around here it is hard to get organics so when I do I get all that I can like I just got up at the farmers market this late fall and then I either freeze them or can them and even dehydrate them.<br />So I will keep you up to date but I need to try and get some organic fruits and that is hard to get again around here.<br />well catch ya later as I never say goodbye!Just get this wonderful organic fruit nut and seed mix it has no preservatives and is delicious and affordable and if I can get it you can too. Just remember to soak the nuts and seeds because nature puts some  protective coating on it and they need to break down this to be edible and fit for human consumption.
Put two tablespoons. in a large cup of fresh coffee and you have a great coffee mocha.  I have recently tried several others that have been recommended and got great customer reviews online.  None are as good as this one.
If you've never tried any of Ghirardelli's hot cocoa products you are in for a treat! Made with milk, the cocoa is far superior to any other cocoa product on the market. I don't drink coffee, but have a cup of this every morning. When made in the Froth Au Lait hot chocolate/latte maker, you will get the best cup of hot cocoa you ever had.
This is the best hot chocolate next to Cadbury bought in Europe.  Our 13 yr old would never drink her chocolate milk until we switched to this (unfortunately we don't have a steady supply of Cadbury's).  It's great!
I usually buy this from Starbucks, but after buying this item on sale I will be making my coffee at home. I am not a heavy coffee drinker but sometimes when I have to study I need a quick pick me up and this will do it. I love all their product. Sometimes I add a little cinnamon grade AA and it really gives it a boost. I would definitely buy this product again and I think it is a good price. I saw it for a lot more in the store.
We appreciate the short list of ingredients on the Ghiradelli hot chocolate mixes.  The Chocolate Mocha flavor is rich and chocolatey with out being overpowered by the coffee.  This is one of our favorite cold weather drinks.
Found this product discounted at a good price at slickdeals.net for about $10.<br /><br />First time drinking this stuff since I bought it.  I was blown away at how awesome it taste.  This was my first time trying something other than the Nestle brand cocoa (other than the few times I ordered cocoa at a cafe).<br /><br />Has a nice blend of mocoa/cocoa and doesn't taste too sweet like what I'm used to with Nestle.<br /><br />Definitely giving this a thumbs up.
Heat 8-10 oz 2% or whole milk, not quite to boiling, in your microwave. Add ~1-1/4 rounded teaspoons of Ghirardelli Mocha Hot Choc powder + ~1-1/8 rounded teaspoons of Ghirardelli Hazelnut Hot choc powder, stirring to fully mix. Now add ~3/4 oz Christian Brothers VS Brandy. (Optionally) garnish with whipped cream or a small accent of vanilla ice cream and serve.<br />Notes: Not to be a brand whore, but Christian Bros (VS, not the more expensive VSOP) is the only brandy I've found to really have the right profile for this recipe. Exact proportions for all 4 ingredients should ultimately be to your own taste. Non-fat and 1% milk are NOT recommended. The brandy should contribute its flavor but not be so strong as to have an obvious alcoholic note. I've for many years used a 1.0 Mocha + 1.5 Hazelnut ratio, but lately the Mocha product hasn't seemed as intense, so I've adjusted. You'll know it's right when the mocha + hazelnut + brandy flavors are in such balance that none is too dominant -- the result will be a new experience "greater than the sum of its parts."
While you would expect Ghiradelli to make good chocolate, the flavor of this mocha cocoa is precisely that of great darker chocolate flavor, using just enough coffee flavor to accent the cocoa without overtaking it.  A smooth, delicious start or finish to your day - even a warm afternoon pick me up on those chilly days!
Premium Ghiradelli chocolate mixed with just a hit of coffee makes this a great drink.  I've gotten to where I add a heaping spoonful to my Starbucks coffee every morning.  It gives it an extra coffee flavor and the chocolate for Ghiradelli far exceeds the 'mocha' chocolate you get at most barista stands.
I use this product with my home brewed espresso and milk to make a mocha latte.  It's terrific!  I ordered on the auto ship plan through Amazon and save about a $1.50 per can over buying it locally.  Plus I get the added benefit of having it delivered to my door instead of having to drive to a specialty shop to get it!  Great product and great service.
I love this hot chocolate. In my opinion, it's the best on the market.  It has a nice grown-up flavor of chocolate and coffee.
I used to drink Ghirardelli Chocolate Mocha hot chocolate as a treat on weekend mornings when I was working.  I'm now retired and started drinking it every day.  I was afraid that I would get tired of it drinking it every day instead of just as a treat.  Well, that didn't happen at all.  I am now what I would call addicted to it.  I have it every morning with my toast and my GMA on TV.  I recently went to my mother's place for several days and truly missed my favorite morning drink.  I couldn't wait to have it the morning after I got home.  Next time I'm going to be gone for several days I'll make sure I take a canister with me.  I love that I've found this product on Amazon and even that I have to opportunity to have it via automatic shipment.  I started having trouble finding it in the stores we shop so the automatic shipment it great.
Love this hot chocolate. Made with skim milk for a healthier delicious hot drink. Creamy and tasty. Will never go back to supermarket hot chocolates.
This is absolutely the best hot chocolate out there. It is not too sweet, so more for adults than for kids. Easy to make. Just add milk. No intense mixing required. Dissolves easily.
Okay, so let me preface my review by saying that I don't drink hot chocolate that often and I'm from America and don't think I've ever had hot chocolate while traveling in Europe, BUT my husband is a British citizen who grew up in India with summers in England and he has searched HIGH and low for a chocolate drink that would remind him of those from his childhood.  We found it in this drink and he wont drink any other chocolate drink now (not even the 47 other kinds that are in my pantry that I bought for him to try and after 1 cup he turned his nose up at them... men).
I've been a fan of Ghirardelli Triple Chocolate brownie mix for a long time. And I also like Ghirardelli chocolate candy. So when I came across this chocolate mocha hot cocoa mix I wanted to give it a try cause I love cocoa and coffee. I'm glad I bought it because this stuff is delicious. I love the combination of chocolate and coffee. The coffee in it is very subtle and definitely not overpowering. It's rich, very flavorful, and bold. And as others have pointed out this is the best mix you can buy. I'm very impressed.
Great deal and great transaction!  Finally, an affordable way to indulge my chocolate craving.  Will definitely buy this again!
Ghiradelli might not make the best chocolate in the world, but their chocolate mix is my personal favorite. It is rich and mixes easily without the residue in the bottom of the cup that lesser brands suffer from. The mocha flavor is very good with a strong coffee flavor that doesn't overpower the chocolate. This is simply great hot chocolate and well worth getting if you enjoy mocha. It also mixes very well in milk shakes!
I made this for my 12 year old grandson.  "Grandma this is the best hot chocolate I have ever had in my whole life!"  You can guess what he got for Christmas.  It really has a wonderful flavor.  Top it off with whipped cream.
Best mix on the market for making cafe mocha lattes, and we've tried them all
The best hot chocolate,by far.. Not so easily available in my area.<br />Love the mocha & the double chocolate
Easy to use (do not abuse),<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000H27NU6">Ghirardelli Chocolate Premium Hot Cocoa Mix, Double Chocolate, 16-Ounce Tins (Pack of 4)</a> great taste. It makes you to feel good.
Try a little sprinkle on ice cream, makes a good milkshake, mix it in cakes or brownies, sprinkle on the cake, enhance coffee drinks and liquors, get rid of that pesky cat, add texture to Barry and Levon's 240 pounds of pudding, brown paper mache, movie prop heroin, or dip your bananas in it.  I consume it with BlueBell Homemade Vanilla ice cream.  I like the double chocolate better.
Great product! Love making this during the fall and winter months because the smell goes through the entire house reminding me of Christmas. Taste great too especially when warm and with cream cheese. Have made it for co-workers who always rave about it. It's easy to make up, too.
I cannot tell you how many of these I made between Thanksgiving and Christmas!  Fast, convenient and SO DELICIOUS!  I got rave reviews!  Thanks!
I have tried nearly all of the Pillsbury quick bread mixes, and this is my favorite.  And of course it is nearly impossible to find in a store in my area so I am really happy to find it on Amazon.  This has a packet of actual diced apple in syrup (sort of like the canned apples for pie).  It makes great muffins or coffee cake also.  You can add things to it, like raisins, cranberries, nuts, etc.  Just super - I recommend it!
This is the perfect size for a snack bag for school.  Minus one star because the glue for the straws also glues the wrapper to all of the boxes.  That's annoying.
I wonder if the other reviewer's order got mixed up at the warehouse or something?  We received organic juice boxes, just like the title says.
I absolutely love the Peanut Butter and Strawberry Kind bars! They taste just like a peanut butter and jelly sandwich!
These potato chips are probably the best chips I flavor ever have. The spicy barbecue is the perfect mix of flavors! I have had tons of these chips and still they never get old. It fits one person per bag.  After a few chips, you will taste the spicy part.  Every time I see the bag, my mouth just waters.<br /><br />These would be perfect for you if you are getting tired of the other potato chips!<br /><br />Depending on the stores, sometimes shipping can be expensive.  If that is the case, most of the times you can find it at your local oriental groceries.
oh man, i love this candy! it's super delicious, but its really not that sour. I'd always collect a giant cache of quarters and spend it all on these for 50 cents each! =)
Our friends from Germany visited with us a few weeks back, and one of them adores Manhattans. She had them here 15 years back, and when I no longer could find a bottled mix locally, I ordered it from the Internet. This is my first experience with Master of Mixes, and the Manhattans turned out great, just as good as if I had made them from scratch. A great product!
I just love this Chili--it is beefier/chunkier than other no-beans chilis and the blend of seasoning is simply outstanding--much more savory and less of an assault to the tastebuds than Hormel's in my opinion.  Goes great on a hot dog, a baked potato, good to dip tortilla chips in and a wonderful companion to grilled cheese sandwiches or just toasted english muffins.
Packed poorly in shipping and a few had the seal broken because they were rolling around in the box!
Very good lemonade mix.  Close to fresh in taste.  Love that it has stevia.  I like it so much more than crystal light or any of the other mixes with artificial sweeteners.  I can take it anywhere, mix it in bottled water, and have a refreshing, healthy, safe, cool drink.
Bull Dog's Chuno has become a flavorful addition to my kitchen.  I've used it in everything: marinades, rice, stir fries, vegetables, etc.  I've also used it by itself or as a base to dipping sauces.  It also adds a nice component to homemade bbq sauce.  If I had to compare it to something it would be steak sauce.  Everytime I want to change a dish up a bit, I use chuno.  I've bought mine from somewhere else and didn't know it came in larger sizes.  The offering here is almost double the size, but it's also almost triple the price.  However, if the place I buy it from were to stop, I'd buy it here without fail.  I just wish they had the 50% less salt version.
My dogs loved these...they were cheap too.  Only problem is they are oily to the touch...given they outside is great!
Arrowhead Mills Organic Savory Herb stuffing has a very nice blend of herbs for a flavor that compliments chicken and turkey. I especially appreciate the fact that there are no transfats used in this stuffing so I and my family can enjoy it without worry! The stuffing is very easy to prepare, but really adds to the meal. We use it all year long. Why wait for a holiday to enjoy good food?
My daughter loved the little tin that came with her Adagio tea set so much that I got her a cannister of this for Christmas.  I think it will end up being a regular gift as we all love it so much.  It really is delicious, and with green tea being so good for you, we drink it all the time.  All the products I've tried from Adagio have been wonderful.
I am hooked on it.  It's just wonderful.  Highly recommended for taste and flavor and price.  I've tried different teas from different restaurants and tea houses, but I just love this one for home.  I use it nearly every day.  Will be trying more of these teas in the future.
I normally hate, hate, hate citrus anything in my tea.  I always thought it tasted the way lemon dish soap smells.  I received this tea in a sampler and wow, I can't get enough of it.  It's the first citrus flavored tea I've ever liked in my life.  It smells really good, sorta like Froot Loops, and I didn't even need to put any sugar or honey in it to enjoy it.
It's hard to find carrot juice  in stores so I gave it a try and ordered some juice from this seller via amazon....even so I felt kind of poshy doing so.<br />Well, I will do it again. My six bottles of juice were shipped super fast, packaging was very good. The juice itself is excellent. It is actually that rich in taste that I mix it half with water or apple juice. That way the already reasonable price  becomes even better.<br />I am really glad I gave it a try. Drinking a glas of carrot juice a day works wonders on my skin.
This carrot juice is the best.  I've tried so many other brands and this is the tastiest.  We love the Carrot/orange and the Super Veggie too. It's healthy and great tasting...can't get better then that.
They are very hard to find but whenever I do I try to stock up. Great flavor, perfect for munching on and still pretty healthy. Highly recommended.
I purchased this product for my goats initially. I like to give a warm drink of molasses water to my does after they kid and I also give a tablespoon full to any goat that seems to be feeling poorly. It seems to give them a good boost when they most need it. I bought an extra bottle for the house because I have always loved a bit of molasses on my biscuits. Much of the molasses, even that labeled blackstrap, that I have been finding in recent years is bland and seems to lack flavor. This molasses is quite delicious, if you like molasses, and is rich and flavorful. It also has high iron content, higher than I was finding in other brands.
Product contains 70% of adult requirement for iron in one tablespoon; yet is safe and gentle on the digestive system.  Ordered and sent to my 82 year-old mother who had had some problems with diverticulitis.  She took three tablespoons a day for a week then tapered down.  She felt stronger in days!
My wife has a difficult time getting enough iron, and supplements are very hard on her stomach.  With 70% of the USRDA of iron in one serving of this blackstrap molasses, she can very easily get the iron she needs.  This is not in any way hard on her stomach, either.  It tastes very good compared to other blackstraps we tried - a few have a slight edge on taste but none on iron content.  Blackstrap is an acquired taste but worth it for natural nutrients.  This definitely picked up her step within a very short time (she gets low energy and tired when she needs iron).  We will definitely be buying this again.
I bought this for my mother on the recommendation of my family physician.  He said my mom has iron deficiency anemia.  As the name implies, iron deficiency anemia is due to insufficient iron. Without enough iron, your body can't produce enough hemoglobin, a substance in red blood cells that enables them to carry oxygen. As a result, iron deficiency anemia can leave you tired and short of breath.  The solution: boost your iron intake.<br /><br />One tablespoon of this tasty delight has 70% RDA of iron and it tastes pretty good too.  If you like the taste of black licorice, I'd say you'll probably like the taste of this.
Its a great product.I would recommend this to everyone who wants a tasty sweetner other than sugar.I just started using it,taste so good,the jar is almost finished.
I love the fact that this has so much iron in it.  I'm a vegan and it's not easy to get enought iron.  The molasses isn't quite as tasty as some I've had, but it has about 5 times more iron, so I'm ok with it.  I don't think anyone would buy molasses online if they just wanted a tasty food, so I guess it's a winner.
My cat suffers from bladder cysts frequently since i have used this now since november 2011 he has not had 1 attack of not being able to pass his urine. i place a few drops in his food every week. btw he does not like it but tolrates it. at first i had to use eye dropper and place a few drops in his mouth but after time he got used to it. a giant thank you this has saved me so much worry whether or not he will be ok.
I bought this statehood gift basket to break apart the items into smaller gifts for friends/family.  It's over priced so I will not buy this again.  The contents are mainly food made in China,  like graham crackers and taffy etc. One of the reasons I wanted it was for the beautiful XL ceramic coffee mug in this set.  Basket/item  is really large due to all the fancy packaging like novelty wrapping/cardboard for bulk, so there is not that much in there.  It's fun to open and it will bring back memories of a state you resided in.  Overall I was delighted with it but not the outrageous price for China made items and some items listed in the product were NOT included in this particular gift.  ( items vary per set )
Wow, this tastes great, sweet and chocolaty! Like a liquid chocolate bar.<br /><br />Plus it is organic!<br /><br />It does contain high-glycemic cane juice, so I don't drink too much. The original and vanilla flavors are sweetened with low-glycemic rice syrup. They have less sugar. All are organic.<br /><br />I don't know why the ingredients here say canola oil. Neither the Good Karma website nor the label on the box has that ingredient. If I verified that this site is correct, and the Good Karma corporate website and the label on the carton are wrong, I would stop using the product. Perhaps this page has outdated ingredient information.<br /><br />This is the richest most milk-like rice beverage and the label on it does not mention canola oil, which contains up to 2% toxic erucic acid and is found in many rice beverages that are fed to children! Canola oil cannot be used by US FDA regulation in infant food. (One research paper found higher levels of erucic acid in red blood cells of autistic children compared to non-autistic children, and there are many other well established toxic effects of erucic acid in humans and animals. Look in the medical journals.)<br /><br />This product is sold in my neighborhood Ralph's (best price), VC discount, and Whole Foods in Los Angeles.<br /><br />The 365 brand (Whole Foods own brand) is also canola-free. It is much cheaper but watery in comparison. I use it for cooking. Only plain and vanilla flavors, though.<br /><br />West Soy Rice beverage is also canola free. It has a more neutral taste and less body. They have a chocolate flavor.<br /><br />Many people find rice milk better tasting than other milk substitutes. I find it to be much easier to digest than soy and nut products. Soy milk, however, has much more protein. Aside from being hard to digest, I don't eat too much soy because of the anti-nutritional components; so I get my protein elsewhere.
It is a tiny bit grainy .. but it doesn't bother me a bit, my kids really like it - I use this as a "chocolate syrup" substitute in my kids milk to make the box go further - they really love it - it's great drinking it full strength too.  Not too sweet.  We love it!
I love this ricemilk.  It has the consistency of almond milk and no soy.
I am a Saba fan.  It is expensive for this but the intensive flavor given to salad dressings, dips, etc is without equal.  Use your imagination for this fruity/astringent addition.  The only responsibily bad results is yours for poor execution.
This is the second time that I ordered this product and I've been very happy with it.
Found these at a local grocery store and just about fell in love with them.  Their taste is fresher and most of the seeds live up to their name.  I got original, ranch and sizzlin bacon - they're all great!  When my grocery store told me they got Bigs as a one-time deal, I was happy to find them at Amazon.  If you're a seeder you've gotta try these.
Licorice freakin rocks man, i like to take the licorice ropes and choke my self till im blue, then chew my way out. man this stuff is like crack, i just want roll it up and smoke it like a big fatty.
Excited to have been able to find this candy as have been looking for ages. Was received very quickly and the candy was well packaged and fresh flavor.Will buy again. Thank you.
I've tried a bunch of them and the taste of this product is outstanding.  Even the folks behind the counter at my gym commented on it and they sell a competing product.  Give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
It tastes delisious, and works efectively if yo drink it at the rigth time. Lean body is the suplement with the best flavor I've ever tasted
Great meal replacement drink that tastes great!  You get plenty of protein and other vital nutrients.  I prepare one of these whenever I'm on the go and I won't have to worry about missing a meal.  The best bang for your buck, especially if you subscribe to the Amazon subscribe and save program.
So I was doing my daily grocery shopping on Amazon and I was like awwww yeah there are some Rice Krispie treats sure can just make them in the kitchen but then you have to clean the spoon and wash the stove and then find some saran wrap in the kitchen to keep them more yummy for the next days....instead order these its simple a nice size treat that will give you plenty of treats for one day...high five to snap crackle and pop you guys rule. have a nice day k
This product is perfect for my Cavalier King Charles Spaniel puppy. His stools are very regular and healthy. My Vet was very pleased to know I picked this product instead of a regular store brand. It's all natural and my puppy loves it. :)
Flour type 00 is better than regular flour.  Whether frying it or baking it, dough maintains softness and pliability.<br />I like it a lot.
Bought four, 2 lb bags and use them to make bread and pizza dough. If you have fantacies of that perfect italian pizza you had  while touring through Italia, this flour is just the thing. The dough even smells slightly better, the final product produces the closest thing to that wonderful crust you can't find in the USA.  It's worth the dough, for the dough.
This is the best flour for home made pizza. It has the best tasting crust I have found. It works best in a super hot oven if you don't have a pizza oven.
I make a lot of bread.  My family's favorite is my focaccia.  I had been purchasing a very "well known" flour prior to trying this.  I am so happy I did try it.  I thought my italian breads could not get any better, but this bring it up a notch.  I am comparing this to all the other 00 flours.  If you are a bread maker I urge you to include in your next order. maria domenica
I have been to New Orleans at one of the Pat O Briens and had there hurricanes and this mix can taste just like what you would get at the restaurant.  The key is  that the mix  makes twice as much as it says it makes, so if you go by the directions it will takes powdery.  So either use half as much powder or twice as much water, mix with your favorite rum(what they use), vodka or gin and a nice sweet hurricane.
This is the best quality Chamomile tea I have ever tried! This is only 1 oz. so it's a little pricey, but I will buy it again anyway, because the quality is out of this world. You will get three nice cups of tea out of one tablespoon, but the first one is the best, of course. I like mine strong. Chamomile fans will love this tea.
chamomile tea is great with lemons and Apriva. chamomile tea is caffeine free that's great for pregnant women and those with high blood pressure.
Love this coffee.  Have bought this flavor and several others in the past.  Recommend it to everyone.  Will continue to buy it as long as I can afford to.<br />The French Vanilla is excellent as well!
These are a great value, great size snack to have, or even share, great snack..... yummy.  Haven't tried other flavors, but just might have to.
This hot sauce has an excellent taste, unlike most of Dave's Insanity sauces. I put 6-10 drops into a bowl of mild chili to make it hot. Like the other reviewer, I'd put it at about 1 million SHUs. Having eaten fresh bhut jolokia (ghost) peppers which are supposed to be 1 million SHUs, I'd compare it to those.<br /><br />4 million SHUs would mean that the sauce is 25% pure capsaicin. That would make it prohibitively expensive to manufacture or consume.
Reaaaly hot stuff. Way hotter than Dave's Ultimate Insanity. Rivaled only by some of Blair's sauces. I don't think it is 4 million Scoville though..Maybe 1 million.
Listen if you want a good taste and hot. This the stuff! It won't melt your eyes out .but it is too hot to take straight . One dab will do ya on a bite of pizza!
A friend brought over a bottle as a gift and I loved it enough to hop on and write a review.<br /><br />I'm just arm chairing this, but I'd put it at somewhere in the range of 300K scovilles, or somewhere around half the heat of "Pure cap" or "Mad dog 357 with bullet". I tested the three side by side with a dab on the finger, dubious of the 4M claim. Maybe they mean it was made with 4 Million extract before diluted with the vinegar?<br /><br />The thing with all those superhots is that after a point it really doesn't matter. They don't have flavor, and you can always just add in a few extra drops. (I still appreciate the novelty!)<br /><br />Either way, it is aggressively priced, nice and hot, and unlike the other two sauces I've mentioned, has a bit of flavor from the peppers and vinegar besides being simply being 'spicy oil'. I like it!<br /><br />This is certainly going to become one of my regularly stocked hot sauces! It would go really well in a bit of soup, pasta, mashed potatoes, pizza, chicken wings, and so forth.
this hot sauce is great im new to the extreme heat sauces but i have previously tried fear sauce which has 1,100,000 scoville units and this sauce is by far alot hotter just two drops mixed with a little salsa on my taco had my mouth on fire its unlikely 4,000,000 scoville probaly more like 2,000,000 but i would  recommend this product
Not only does this sauce have a great taste. But they have a small enough pour spout on top to allow you to pour small drops on your food, if your careful, or pour a lot. It makes it easy to make something rather hot to, WheW,. What a heavy Burn ! I love this stuff. It's in a large 5 ounce bottle. And compared to sauces with less heat it has a great price. :)
I have tried Daves Ghost Pepper hot sauce back to back with Z's, and Z's is considerably hotter. I don't know if someone got a bad batch, but it's painful to use more than a drop per square inch of food the first couple times you try it, nice to mix with something you want hot without a vinegary taste. Makes anything spicy without changing the flavor, but has a good flavor if you really go overboard with it.
really not much I can say abut this soup mix it taste great to us. we always bought the canned stuff when making pot roasts or whatever. then tried this well we will never go back to canned again. well worth the money will be buying more.
These things are seriously beyond delicious!! Just the right touch of saltiness to go with the sweet. A perfect dessert or cheat snack for those long work days :)
I had no idea something could taste this good. I'm not really a caramel person, but if I had dreamed up the most perfect balance between sweet-salty-buttery richness it would be these Caramel Sea Salt Squares. I found them at Whole Foods and they are expensive, but worth every penny. Milk is the perfect compliment. Get some and you will not be disappointed. You may be ruined for chocolate brownies.
Grilled out brats, chicken, and burgers for the entire family yesterday.  Covered all of it with Country Bob's seasoning and all purpose sauce!  The family loved it.  Best sauce available!!  Can't wait to use it on my steaks tonight!
I am very happy with this tea.  I hesitated to order because of price but it comes in a nice tin with 50 round tea bags.  It is great tasting.  I add ginger chips to it and it really is great when I have an upset stomach.  I just recently received my second order.
i got it for under 7 dollars shipped...  i wouldnt pay more than eight because your not getting much cereal.
The company has been around for over 160 years, is the company that started PG Tips and started and owned Red Rose tea so you know you're dealing with a quality tea company. The flavor is very similar to PG Tips to me; but stronger. It's definitely a milk and sugar or honey tea due to it's strength and you'll be happy that the milk doesn't 'water it down' in any way. With milk you'll still enjoy the full tea flavor; the milk only enhances the taste. It is a very strong tea, so be prepared for that. Otherwise it is a high quality, full flavored tea at an economical price. PG Tips is still my favorite but since I can't find it in my area but can find Brooke Bond Red Label at my local WalMart I'm a convert due to the quality and the very similar flavor to PG Tips...maybe it's just me, but I taste the similarity.  You won't regret trying this tea!
My brother Robert that he has purchased this exact product in this size from local Indian grocers in Houston TX and in Austin Tx area, including one purchase at a WalMart store in an area with significant Indian populations.  The tea was reported to be a wonderful product for iced tea with a faint pleasant flowery aftertaste.  He will purchase it again and again
These David's Signature Beyond Gourmet "Bacon" jelly beans do indeed taste like a very sweet and smokey piece of bacon. This is not flavor that I'm going to snack on, but would make a great gift for the many "bacon fanatics" out there. My wife commented that with a little vinegar flavor added in, they would taste like PA Dutch Bacon Dressing.<br /><br />This flavor is from David Klein, the creator of the famous "Jelly Belly" jelly beans, so I was thrilled to be offered this in <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007JBO41E">David's Signature Beyond Gourmet Jelly Beans Flavor Sampler</a> to review since my family loves jelly beans.<br /><br />I also really like that these jelly beans are made with natural flavors and colors.<br /><br />CFH
If you are the kind of guy who really enjoys a huge slab of bacon with your breakfast, not that wimpy kind of stuff they serve at a restaurant, but the kind that hunters grab when they are together, thick, with lots of fat in the middle, you WILL enjoy these! You can almost feel your cholesterol count go up as you bite into them.<br /><br />Now I must admit I am a wimpy, crispy kind of gal, and I like my bacon on the lean side, in fact with my allergies I have to use Morningstar Soy bacon (don't cringe!). So when I bit into these, I realized from the very first bite I was NOT their intended audience.<br /><br />Nope, these are not "girl food." They are man food. If you want to carry a bag of these out to serve to your fishing or hunting buds early in the morning, this is the perfect selection for you. However, you might want to consider the <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007JBLAMK">David's Signature Beyond Gourmet Jelly Beans Man Mix</a> for a selection, or the milder and tamer <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007JBO41E">David's Signature Beyond Gourmet Jelly Beans Flavor Sampler</a>. Both will give you a variety to try, just in case you don't like bacon as much as you think you do.<br /><br />I am grateful to have received samples of all of these from the company to try, and am basing my review on the samples which they sent. (Oh, I passed the rest of my bacon ones on to my guy buddies).
I bought two types of edible glitter to decorate a plain cake.  This one was by far the most stunning.  The other silver went on grey (not that appetizing) whereas this one had tonnes of sparkle and really made a statement.  Highly recommended.  Nice fast delivery too.
I need every color that is available ! Love this product! ! Received shipment very fast! Very happy with this product, will buy more.
This stuff worked out great for my Disco Ball Birthday Cake.  My customer loved it! Check it out [...]<br />If you are looking for a great way to add that little extra something for your treats, you found it.
I used this product on a cake topper for a wedding cake that I made. It worked out so well. Bride & groom were very happy and got non-stop compliments!!
Simply wonderful! It adds that last little bit of WOW to your cake creations. I will be back for more!
Totally amazed at how far a small amount of this glitter can be spread. I bought 3 to decorate a wedding cake & used less than 1/2 of one! It was beautiful & worth the money.
This is a very tasty product.  This is my first time trying this, and I am glad I ordered it to see how it tastes.  As a product I'd order it again.<br /><br />One odd thing though that will cause me to lower this rating from 5 stars to 4 is that the listing here says a pound, but on the label 16 ounces is crossed out and 14 ounces is written next to it.  I didn't weigh the container to confirm this, but if it is 14 ounces, then then they need to update their listing to show such.<br /><br />Since I consider shipping to not be part of a product review I won't lower my star rating for this, and consider this to be just a mention of this then but the shipping was SLOW.  I ordered it on June 20th.  A USPS tracking/delivery confirmation number was generated on the 21st to be fair, but it took until July 5th for me to get this.  Even taking into account that there was a major holiday July 4th, that just seems too slow.  Everything was packaged well enough (although without anything like a "blue ice" pack to keep it cold for summer shipping...) but just took a long time to get here.  I do suspect the order wasn't truly shipped until the week before the July 4th weekend, despite a tracking number being generated on June 21st.
This was a gift from my Lil Sis.  Awesome.  Great flavor.  Can taste berries and rhubarb.  I love it.  Most likely will order more.
Vimto, love it. Fekkin expensive here though!<br />That's the problem with no longer living back in Blighty, stuff like Vimto becomes much more difficult to get.
It's true you also need a decent scale (I used <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001OKR89G">Jennings CJ300 300g X 0.1g Scale</a>).  I tried the Caviar Cointreau recipe [...] and everything worked perfectly on the first try (it's fast too - under 20 minutes & I'm sure faster once you get the hang of it).  It's fun & very easy to make (a juice recipe would be a really fun way to do an edible chemistry experiment with kids).  The kit comes with large enough samples that it looks like it'll be good for 40+ uses.
Soon after one dog was diagnosed with renal failure (Yes, she ate all the foods on that recall list), my Westie became ill and couldn't hold any food. The vet did all sorts of tests, but I had to find something gentle enough for him to keep down. That night I met a rep from Nutro at my local Petco. She told me all about Natural Choice, gave me literature and a website to learn more. I purchased this canned food along with a small bag of the dry food to mix with it. Turns out the dog had some sort of virus, but the food was the only food he could keep down to regain his strength. Due to skin allergies known to Westies, I have kept him on this food and find it's the best for him.<br /><br />I just don't understand, though, how this is sold so cheap on Amazon thru Petco. It's $16.99/case in the store and $15.99 on their website.  I think they should keep the price regulated throughout.
Now I know this formulation is not the most natural or high grade one on the market right now. Believe me, I have tried to get her interested in just about every brand with the word "natural" in the title, and she is not having it. She won't get the benefit of the food if she won't eat it. So when I noticed she was eating all of her food when I put this in front of her, I decided to stick with what is apparently working. This is still premium food, formulated for my twelve year-old's needs, and she really, really likes it. 'Nuff said.
These are perfect if you want to add some beans to another soup, or just to have any size portion of black beans right away. As they are dried, they last forever, and you can have any portion size you want. With a little water and microwave, they perk up to give you really good quality black beans. I like these better than canned black beans, and I don't have any more at any time than I want. Adding them to soups which are too watery is a great way to thicken them up. You can't do that with canned beans which are mostly water in the first place. I haven't calculated the price out, but these are probably not any more expensive than canned beans because you aren't buying any water. Would be perfect for camping food as well.
I was born and raised on the east coast  Trenton - New Jersey ). I have loved Tasty-Kakes my whole life , so its a great present to find some mew flavors or twists on old familiar receipes.
I got this product for my husband beause he loves Dr Pepper. It came before the date it was suppose to arrive on. He loves it he wants to drink it but he doesnt, he is keeping it as a collertors item beause they dont make them anymore. The item was packed good and safe and everything was there. NO COMPLAINTS!
Shipping was quite a bit but the bottles were all unbroken and in good shape. Since Dublin no longer makes D.P. I wanted some bottles for a keep sake. These meet the bill. Over all good experience.
ESPECIALLY AS WE GET OLDER, THE LINING OF OUR STOMACH GETS MORE SENSITIVE TO HARSH CHEMICALS AND SUBSTANCES.  LOW ACID COFFEE IS A COMMON SENSE SUBSTITUTE THAT LOSES NO AROMA OR TASTE IN THE PROCESS.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
I was delighted to find this product online, because I cannot always find it in the stores.  However, each package I have opened thus far is at least half reduced to crumbs because of poor packaging for shipping.  I doubt that I will order more using this method.
These chips are some of the best I've had--ever! They're so good I dare say that they're addictive from the very first time you try a few. The taste of the salsa is delicious and the fresh chips go with lots of other foods.<br /><br />The main ingredient is whole grain brown rice; and yes, this is good for you. I haven't had regular potato chips in quite a while; but I would imagine that these chips have less fat then potato chips have. There are no trans fats, no cholesterol, no preservatives, no and artificial flavors. They are even wheat and gluten free! Very good! They have less than 1 gram of sugar per serving.<br /><br />They do have some sodium; they have about 200mg of sodium in every serving; and there are roughly five servings to a bag.<br /><br />If you have further questions, the company maintains a website and an email address so you can contact them. Good PR!<br /><br />Overall, these are some very awesome chips! I highly recommend them. Enjoy!
These are the best tasting chips ever !  I can't get them anywhere here in Denver area so went to the internet to find them.  Wouldn't you know Amazon came thru !  Only concern is that they arrive a little crumbled---I guess understandable considering they're being shipped.  However, not so in store, when I could still get them here.  Really grateful that I can get them at all.
LOVE these chips.  I think there are so many GF baked goods (be they less than exciting rice chips, heavy breads, grainy cakes, etc.) that just fall short of taste and texture.  I am knocked out by how crisp and tasty these are!  They are much like a popular orange triangular chip but better, even "fresher" tasting.  If I don't take a serving and put the bag away first, I'm very likely to mow through it in one sitting.  Products like these make me feel like I'm not sacrificing anything at all for the sake of going GF.
I LOVE these chips.  They are addictive...it's hard to just eat a few.  I tried the Chili flavor that has great reviews and I don't think they compare to the Salsa Fresca.  If you like a chip with a little kick...these are perfect.
The chips are delicious!! I absolutely love them. They are very addicting. Excellent for people with gluten/wheat allergies. The only thing was that during the shipping process the chips became broken and crumbled, not as bad as I thought after reading other reviews but still quite a few crumbs in the bottom of the bags. I would order again.
These are great chips.  I have tried both the Salsa Fresca and Sweet Chili and love them both (if I had to choose one over the other would take the Salsa Fresca - just my personal preference).  Will be trying the Sea Salt in the near future.<br /><br />Can't go wrong with these chips!
I make for my wife capuccinno in the mourning befor she goes to work.<br />And I use flavored coffee in the esspreso machine and it is hard to find<br />Hazelnut flavored ground coffee at a reasonable price or finding just flavored<br />beans. This 5pound bag from Coffee Bean Direct was an excellent price and<br />the flavor was very good also. A great choice for paople who grind their<br />own coffee beans.
This coffee tastes like a good cityroast coffee with a mild hazelnut flavor.  It's good.  I am a big fan of hazelnut, and I would like the flavor to be a little stronger.<br /><br />My husband loves the aroma of this one and he prefers it to the Boyer Hazelnut because it is a little darker roast than the Boyer.
Smells great, looks great and tastes great.  As a guy who likes strong espresso type coffee, I was surprised and impressed by the bold flavor with just a hint of Hazelnut.  With just a little half and half its great first thing in the morning.
My husband loves Hazelnut coffee but the price of flavored coffee is so high, I used to only give it to him once a week, but now I can afford to give him his favorite everyday! He loves the rich flavor!
I have been buying this coffee for at least 3 years and I love it. Smooth taste with a hint of hazelnut. Friends enjoy coming over just for a good cup of coffee.
This is a nice "middle." It's a good-tasting roast coffee, with some hazelnut flavor. I'd say it is as good or better than the Wal-Mart Millstone hazelnut coffee. More of the hazelnut flavor is often too much for moi.<br /><br />It's not the best coffee I ever had, but it's just fine considering that it only costs about $6.25 / lb in the current market (Millstone is about $9).<br /><br />My only problem is what the product is -- 5 lbs. It's hard to keep that amount fresh, unless you are a restaurant. When a package is opened, I package the full 5 lbs in Wal-Mart (...) coffee bags, 1/2 lb per bag, then double-bag it into freezer bags, and pop that into the freezer. That way it stays fairly fresh, as defined by the aroma -- which is really nice when fresh, and less so when not
Trying something new with this coffee. Didn't blow me away but for the price, it's excellent. I don't have anything bad to say about it other than it's a BIG bag and I am mildly concerned with freshness toward the end, but we burn thru beans pretty fast =D
I have been so called a hazelnut coffee freak for about 10 years and I have to say that I finaly found the match to the hazelnut coffee my father in law offered me whenever I was over visiting. He has passed away so I can not say if it was from Coffee Bean Direct. But darn it. It sure taste just like what he brewed up. Thanks you for the good cup of coffee and at a reasonable price. I got this page book marked for later orders. TLA
This coffee is good. I have tried a lot of hazelnut coffees and this is one of the best I got from amazon. It has a darker and richer flavor than most hazelnut coffee. It was fresh and tasty and the price was great at about $6 per pound with subscribe and save. I will order it again
Finally, an affordable flavored coffee worth drinking.<br />Coffee Bean Direct Hazelnut is a really smooth, medium roast coffee with a definite hazelnut flavor.<br />The flavoring is not sweetened, which is a real plus, especially if you don't like sweeteners in your coffee. (If you do, you have complete control yourself.)<br />The flavor is not overpowering, but is enough to let you know you are drinking a hazelnut coffee.<br />Those who have complained may have received a bad batch. Usually the blend is good and roasting consistant, but, as with any other food product, variations and accidents do happen.<br />I have been using Coffee Bean Direct coffee for about five years and have not yet received a bad batch.<br />This one is a winner.
Since Folgers discontinued their Hazelnut I have tried atleast 10 different brands.. FINALLY THE BEST....This coffee is the best Hazelnut Whole bean we have found in years. Love the taste, the Smoothness,,,IT IS WONDERFUL..Finally AMAZON found a good one....We put this on REGULAR SHIPMENTS DO NOT WANT TO LOSE THEM... Thrilled with the taste.  THANK YOU AMAZON....Tried so  many my Husband and I love it and will follow them where ever they will go.<br /><br />MJ Wood<br /><br />Because of Amazon and it's FAST SHIPPING and REGULAR MONTHLY PROGRAM WE WILL BUY MORE GROCERY PRODUCTS FROM THEM.  IT IS EASY, FAST AND CHEAPER THAN THE STORE.<br /><br />Now looking for more products that save us a trip to the store...THANK YOU AMAZON you make it easier for us.<br /><br />I remember years ago when my Grandmother would call the Grocery store give them a list and they delivered it to her home...NOW I HAVE AMAZON to help us in our SENIOR YEARS.....<br /><br />GREAT PROGRAM FOR SENIORS OR BUSY PEOPLE.  RELIABLE, MONEY SAVING and great quality.<br /><br />Only Problem I had was with Chrystal Light i ordered was hard as a rock like it had been in warehouse for years.....<br /><br />MJ WOOD
Before I say anything else, I am mindful of differing tastes, as well as differences in processing from one batch of coffee to another. That said, I found the Coffee Bean Direct Hazelnut coffee to be evenly roasted (medium) and bearing a robust and rich hazelnut flavor from the first to the last cup. Since this is my first bag of hazelnut coffee from CBD, with which I am very pleased, I will update my comments, specifically addressing the consistency of the roasting/flavoring process from batch to batch with my next purchase. If my other CBD purchases are any indication, I anticipate a consistent product.
Anyone who knows Yaucono will like the "new" packaging of mylar-laminated plastic.  I wonder how long they packaged in layers of paper?<br /><br />If you have not had this very rich Puerto Rican coffee, you must sample it and then buy in bulk.  Juan Valdez might have a good bean, but the Puerto Ricans do it better.
I love this coffee. I tried it in Puerto Rico on our honeymoon and am hooked! I may even go back to Puerto Rico and get more!
This is a hefty roll of mylar! The 50" width allows more coverage, obviously, but the 1 ml thickness is what's really nice.  It's not flimsy!
This Creme Brulee is as good as any homemade! Why bother with homemade when you can get just as delicious from a box! Easier to make too!
Oetker products are always the best. I've used them for years because they have unique items that are tasty and easy to prepare. You absolutly cannot go wrong with this Creme Brulee. Why spend a ton of money at a restaurant when you can serve it by candlelight at home?
This Creme Brulee is better than some of the better French restaurants I've been to. I just wish my local grocery stores would carry it!
We use this coffee at my office. People like it a lot and I feel good about it being organic and fair trade.
Organic, fair trade, Cafe Altura Coffee brews a great pot of coffee. 'Organic' makes it healthy, and 'fair trade' makes it a responsible choice. The Dark Blend is a flavorful choice.
We like dark roast coffee because it has more body and tastes stronger.  This coffee is just that!  It's great that it's both organic and fair trade.  The 3-pack means you have coffee for a while, and the price is very good.  You can either recycle the can, or repurpose it around the house.  All-in-all, a very good deal!
Nice body and full roasted flavor at a reasonable price for a organic "fair trade".  I'd buy the discounted pack again, but full price cost it too much to overcome my desire for an affordable coffee.
I ordered this for my Mother-in-law who could not find this product anywhere near where she lives.  She is really enjoying this product.
Very fresh and tasty SOFT buns that go well with my Omaha steak burger patties.<br />They store well.
I haven't ordered this item YET, so I can't speak to the customer service angle.  However, I have purchased this product at a local specialty food store that sadly no longer carries it and I must say it's one of the five greatest things I have ever put in my mouth.  It's so great I have literally eaten it straight from the jar! If you've never had lingonberries, they are crimson red, roughly the sized of blueberries, and taste a lot like sweetened cranberries, only better.  They don't have the acrid taste that cranberries sometimes have, but I will say that if you dislike cranberries, this may not be your favorite thing.<br /><br />Of all the lingonberry products I've tried - jams and preserves - the Fellix Preserves are my very favorite.  The berries are whole or in halves, the color is true and the fluid part is completely smooth, rich and has a dense texture.  The flavor is strong enough to stand up to the density and full flavor of a biscuit, but it's also great on bagels or english muffins or toast.  And although I haven't tried doing it, I've heard this is a great product to use in baking - this would be great in a berry muffin, or as a complement to game dishes.<br /><br />I highly recommend this!
All of my family members are fans of fruit jams, jellies, and preserves because they are versatile food products that any person of any age can consume. These food products are also friendly for people with TMJ/jaw problems as well. When I tried Hafi's Cloudberries Preserves from Sweden, I decided to try Felix's Lingonberries Preserves, too. Like the other Amazon reviewer said, if you like the taste of cranberries, then you'll probably like this lingonberries preserve. This lingonberries jam has berries in it and looks beautiful as you spread the preserves on pancakes and soft bread. It's the color red, and kind of reminds me of cranberries, the taste and look of them, especially cranberry dressing and salads during American Thanksgiving meals. Swedish lingonberries are very sweet and tart. My recommendation is to buy both Hafi's Cloudberry Preserves and Felix's Lingonberries Preserves for your household and when you're entertaining guests. Why? - because each person has different tastes, and Swedish cloudberry preserves is more mild with less tartness, and would accomodate the people who wouldn't appreciate the tartness of Swedish lingonberries. If you have both Swedish cloudberry and Swedish lingonberry preserves, then you would cover all your bases in terms of pleasing every family member and guest. When it comes to eating this jam straight from the spoon, personally for me, it is really tart, tangy, and a little strong. While with cloudberry preserves, I could probably eat the whole jar without tasting or sensing a strong tartness. Personally for me, this lingonberries preserves tastes great with vanilla yogurt; it reminds me of Yoplait's fruit in the bottom yogurts. According to Felix, on their jar, they say that these lingonberries ripen during summertime in northern Sweden. The ingredients in these preserves are: wild lingonberries, sugar, and fruit pectin. Felix also suggest putting these preserves on meat. I ordered these jars from the seller on Amazon, and they did a good job wrapping and taping bubble wrap to protect each jar from breaking during transport. Anyways, I highly recommend trying Swedish lingonberries and Swedish cloudberries preserves. Both of these Swedish treats offer different tastes that are yummy and good!
very excelent quality preserve lingonberry,,i will order it again,,but the shipment pack should be covered better with strong materials,,thank u for the great felix lingonberry
I can't imagine why but it seems that grocery stores have stopped stocking this item. If you haven't tried it you must, it is the best coating mix available and my family keeps asking me to make chicken only with this shake and bake. It has a very different flavor than any BBQ sauce on the market, a flavor all it's own that is really delicious and goes with any side dish. I have made stuffing, mashed potatoes (a favorite) and almost any vegetable to go with it and everyone always has a second helping of chicken.It's perfect for company because it is unique and tastes like something you would cook for a special occasion. I am always afraid that they will stop making it, it really has become a staple in our home and even the most finicky people love it, kids all seem to love it and I love it because it is quick and easy. It's a very unique flavor, I want to say a little sweeter than most BBQ sauces or flavorings but not really sweet , kind of like a honey BBQ but better, that can be used on pork chops as well. There is a plastic bag enclosed to shake it in but I find that more of the mix sticks to the sides and it is very hard to coat the chicken , a lot of wasted mix that way. I put it on a plate a little at a time and add as needed, then I rinse the chicken pieces and kind of lightly roll them on the plate in the coating (shaking a little out of the packet on spots that are not coated) and then place them into a baking pan that I line with foil, it makes clean up much easier after cooking, almost don't need to wash the pan this way.Try to get all the pieces covered especially on the tops because the bottom will come off a little bit from the grease that cooks out of the chicken. Any mix left in the packet I shake on pieces that don't look completely covered and then just on top of all of them. I usually get a package of about 3 or 4 half breasts and a package of 6 thighs and one pack of mix will cover it all if you roll it on a plate. It becomes very sticky when it gets wet so it will stick to the plate, your fingers and of course the chicken pieces. I have also used a little bit of plum jam brushed on the chicken before coating it and thats very good too, but honestly you don't need to add anything it is delicious the way it is. Cook it long enough to get browned and crispy and remove it to a serving dish right away so it doesn't sit in the grease and you will be extremely happy with the results. I would really be interested to hear from someone who has never cooked with this before and see what they think.
Have you ever try bbq chicken wings?<br />Use this glase and it would be delicious.<br />I used it a lot but usually bought it in super market. today I didn't find it there so I came online and order more here price is much better here.
For some reason they stopped selling this in stores in Fort Worth.  This is my favorite for chicken.
I HAD USED AND COME TO LOVE THIS PRODUCT AND SUDDENLY COULD NOT FIND IT IN STORES NEAR ME. I CAME TO AMAZON AND THERE IT WAS! I COULD NOT GET MY CARD OUT QUICK ENOUGH! I SHARE WITH MY DAUGHTER WHO ALSO CAN'T FIND THIS ITEM LOCALLY.<br />THANKS AMAZON!!!!
This is the best coating/glaze to help make BBQ Chicken. I never can find it is the stores so I always buy it here and it is so much cheaper then a store. I pour it in a pie pan roll the chicken in it then bake. After I roll all the chicken I put the remaining glaze in a Zip Lock gallon bag and place in the freezer till the next time. Sometimes I mix the glaze with plain Chicken Shake n Bake for a crunchy BBQ coating.
This BBQ Glaze Shake'N'Bake is great for other meats besides chicken and pork.<br />They made great Christmas gifts for grandchildren in college.
We live in Tucson AZ and all of a sudden we can't find this one product anywhere in Tucson. I makes the chicken so juicy and tender and the flavor is beyond compare. So happy to be able to purchase some and looking forward to buying more!!!!
They stopped selling this at Walmart which made me sad but then I found it on amazon which made me glad. You have to buy in bulk but (going by the ones that I received) they don't expire for over a year so as long as you store it correctly you should be able to buy in bulk even if it's a small household like mine.
this item is so hard to find. i was so thrilled to find i could buy more than just one at a time.
Delicious, easy and quick!  Kraft Shake 'N Bake BBQ Glaze for chicken and pork.<br /><br />Kraft BBQ Shake 'N Bake is a great option to "traditional" BBQ recipes and brimming with flavor.  Perfect for company, everyday family meals, or a solitudinarian.  :)<br /><br />May I suggest:  BBQ Shake 'N Bake chicken, cream potatoes, steamed broccoli, and a lettuce wedge salad.  You'll have a great meal in under an hour.<br /><br />  <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0005ZYN4O">Kraft Shake 'N Bake Seasoned Coating Mix Barbecue Glaze 2 Pack with Shaker Bag - 8 Pack</a><br /><br />Buy it now  :)
I had not been able to find Kraft Shake 'n Bake at the two (2)grocery stores where I shop.I was so glad to find this product available through Amazon.com. It was easy to order and was delivered very quickly. Great service.<br /><br />Thanks,<br />Laura W.<br />Phoenix AZ
For whatever reason the only 2 grocery stores where I live no longer carry this product. It is my husbands absolute favorite. I am so glad I am still able to buy this product on line.
I remember the old days of having shake and bake BBQ ( I had a mother that was raising 5 girls alone). Chicken and the S & B were cheap to buy in these days and we ate it a lot.<br /><br />I never thought those memories could be recreated through smell and taste again, but oh My godness it was!!<br />It is just a delicious as I remember it being as a kid. I bought a case of 8 and have 6 more left. I don't know why the stores don't have this in stock...one clerk said its the msg in it. Well people should be able to make there choices of buying it or not buying it.<br />I am still amazed at the granular style it is and how it ends up this red sticky delicious old style bbq sauce that sticks to it like glue.<br />It is so gooood!! I highly recommend buying it and it would probably be good on ribs too!!<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000E1HVW0">Shake 'N Bake Seasoned Coating Mix, BBQ Glaze, 7-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 8)</a>
Welcome to heaven, Judy.<br />What?<br />Yes, you have arrived.<br />What?<br />You are asleep now, thanks to Celestial Seasonings Sleepytime tea.<br />But I don't remember going to sleep.<br />My point exactly. That's why I call it heaven.<br />But who are you?<br />I am Sleepytime Judy and I am asleep.<br /><br />What welcome relief, knowing there is a pleasant, calming antidote to the stresses of a relentlessly busy mind that sometimes refuses to shut down. Just walk to the kitchen, put the kettle on, pull out a Celestial Seasonings Sleepytime teabag, place in a favorite cup--mine is a slender version of a Blue Willow cup, pour on water at just the boiling point, and wait for the tea to steep.<br /><br />Meanwhile, pick up the box--how many times now--and read the the words.<br />"100% Natural Herb Tea, Caffeine Free."<br />"a comforting blend of chamomile and spearmint creates a lullaby of tender flavor to soothe your senses..."<br />"...it lets you curl up under a quilt of flavor and quiet the tensions of your world..."<br />'The sweetest way I think of you is when the day is done.' Emily Dickinson<br />Ingredients: Chamomile, spearmint, lemon grass, tilia flowers, blackberry leaves, orange blossoms, hawthorn berries, and rosebuds.<br /><br />But before I take my cup back to bed, I look at the last panel of the box. There's papa bear asleep in his cozy chair in front of the fire, Mama is carrying the baby and holding the hand of another, taking them to bed. Through an open door one can see two little bears already asleep in their bed. All in all, a cozy room of happiness and warmth and the promise of sleep.<br /><br />I sip my cup of Sleepytime tea quickly, almost gulping. I have learned that if I sip my usual slow sipping, I will fall asleep only halfway finished. That is how efficacious the tea... really... is.....
Sleepytime is a popular tea that has been around a long time due to its high quality. The natural flavors and ingredients have made it a required tea for the cupboard of persons interested in healthy eating for the last 30 years! The predominant flavors are of chamomile and spearmint--but the additional ingredients--including rose buds--create a satisfying, complex blend that is very tasty and soothing. Not only is Sleepytime caffeine-free but it contains herbs that are mildly relaxing and healing for the stomach. Drink this lovely tea before bed either with or without honey.<br /><br />Sleepytime contains chamomile, spearmint, lemongrass, tilia flowers, blackberry leaves, orange blossoms, hawthorne berries and rosebuds. The healing qualities of some the herbs in Sleepytime are listed below, however please note that there is insufficient quantities of each herb to have anything more than a very mild effect. Blackberry leaves, which are soothing to the stomach, contain tannins which provides a tea-like base for the flowery flavors of chamomile and rosebuds. Spearmint is one of the milder mints and is also useful to soothe tummy ache. Chamomile is a wonderful herb that has a relaxing effect; it also can be used to soothe tummy aches, headache, menstrual cramps and is a mild anti-fungal.<br /><br />Celestial Seasonings gets extra points for their packaging: they utilize 100% natural recycled paperboard in their boxes and they don't package each tea bag individually. Instead they use a system of a waxed paper bag inside the box that stays shut when you fold it. It keeps the bags fresh and utilizes less packaging than individually wrapping each bag. The art they use on each box is beautiful as are the quotes and information they put on every surface.<br /><br />Quote from the box:<br /><br />"Ultimately, the bond of all companionship, whether in marriage or friendship, is conversation." Oscar Wilde.
Tea has a great flavor - almost what I'd call 'spearmint' flavor which is great with honey or sugar with or without cream. I drink it hot and if it does cool, it's still good.  It does help me relax and go to sleep when I've had a long day.  My grandchildren love the flavor and we often share a pot of tea as it is perfectly safe for them.  Celestial Seasoning Teas are great teas always but Sleepytime is one of their classics! I'd recommend this tea to anyone, as out of all of Celestial Seasonings teas, this is probably ranks as close to number one on my list of favorites.  And I do have a lot of their tea in my pantry -- my son swears I must own stock in it, LOL.  If you like tea, try it, I really think you'll be glad you did as I feel Sleepytime truly is one of their best teas. :)
at it's best.  I have been drinking this tea since high school and the flavor has not wavered.  I've tried plain chamomile and it didn't make the cut. Nothing beats a cup or two of Sleepy Time before bed as it calms the nerves and settles the tummy.  What a perfect way to drift off into slumber !
Just 1 cup in the evening caps off my day and gets me relaxed and is a permanent part of my bedtime prep.  This CS Sleepytime Tea is my absolute FAVORITE evening tea ritual!  I think it is the wonderful flavor of camomile plus the spearmint that adds that extra something refreshing...ahhhh...(sigh)...big yawn...I'm toddling off to sleep now........  P.S.  I also love a cup anytime I'm feeling somewhat stressed and especially whenever I need to wind down like after a long time on the computer or after stressful shopping trips.  Take a cup and you'll really be in a mellow place.
Tea's are very personal and everyone has their favorites. I really enjoy this tea when relaxing, or before bed. The subtle mint flavor seems to comfort and sooth. A little sugar (I'm not a fan of honey) really makes all the flavors POP! Being a fan of this tea it was a no brainer to order it in bulk, the price at the time was great, cheaper then the grocery store (by far). The packaging was efficient and made it really easy to store.
I love Sleepytime tea at night while I'm laying in bed reading a book, winding down for sleep. It has a fresh, comforting flavor, and a really great scent. It is a main part of my relaxing bedtime ritual, and I make use of Amazon's automatic re-ordering program, which saves me So Much money compared to grocery store prices. I only gave 4 stars because after about a week of drinking it every night it kind of loses it's charm. That's when I alternate it with Celestial's Tension Tamer, just to keep things interesting. Great product for herbal tea lovers, and again, a much better price here than in the grocery stores.
I love Sleepy Time tea, I used to give it to my children, since it is caffeine free, as they grew up, it helped them warm up and fall asleep quickly.<br /><br />Just a little story and a small cup of warm tea, that was the routine especially in the winter. They are all grown now but I find that they are now serving it to my grand children and it is having the save effect.<br /><br />I still drink it between all the other teas I enjoy but this one is just a little more special.
We make most of our tea from loose leaf in a press pot. Sleepytime is the lone exception. We've been drinking this tea for many years now and it still rates among our very favorites. It's the perfect blend of camomile and mint. And you gotta love the bear.
Have used this herbal tea for sometime now...one cup before bedtime and it always helps me rest better.  Love the discount for ordering the six months supply.
I have been purchasing and drinking this tea for years.In fact since Mo Siegel used to advertise it on TV..now that is a long time ago. It really helps calm frazzled adults as well as hyper children before bed. But what is more share worthy is the fact that it is a great tea for children that suffer from motion sickness.<br /> Our oldest daughter used to be car sick all the time. We carried an endless supply of "baggies" for her as she would 8 out of 10 times relieve herself when commuting back and forth to school.<br /> We discovered that this tea, given 20 minutes before the ride and every hour or so on long family trips curtailed her horrid events completely. The main ingredient is chamomile and it really helps relieve motion sickness and soothe frazzled nerves.
when ordering in bulk with the repeat shipping option, this tasty tea is a great value
Sleepytime tea is one of those teas that can always be counted on. It's very mellow, with a great taste and smell. Perfect for relaxing after a long day. This is the tea that all other herbal teas should be measured against.
Valerian and Chamomile are blended with spearmint leaves, lemon grass, hawthorn berries and orange blossoms to create a delicious tea to savor late at night before you drift off into dreams. This tea is much more effective than regular Sleepytime and I can say this because my sleep cycle has been fairly regular with much fewer nights of tossing and turning. You may also find that your mood the next day is rather mild and you feel more relaxed in general. This could be due to getting a good night's sleep for a change or it could be that the valerian has a lasting effect. Valerian is a very effective herb if you can't get to sleep and this tea is highly recommended for insomnia. Unlike sleeping pills, you won't feel groggy the next morning. Blend in a little lavender or orange blossom honey to enhance this deliciously mild minty tea.<br /><br />~The Rebecca Review
What a wonderful product!<br />I can drink it all times of the day, so obviously the original Sleepytime Tea causes no real drowsiness.<br /><br />I start my day with the tea and end it with the tea.<br />It makes me so relaxed and it's healthier then smoking..lol<br /><br />It's also made me a fan of sugarless tea.<br />Never again will I go back to sweet tea or terriable diet sodas!<br /><br />Try some Sleepytime Tea if you love tea! The flavor is amazing and very smooth as well as unique. It's great hot or cold!<br />You will not be dissappointed.
This product is so great.  My daughter who is extremely pick loves it and she is also gluten free!!  so she can actually have this!!!!!<br />Not bad for 100 calories per serving!!!!!<br />This will be a great dish to take for Thanksgiving dinner.
I like to make this when I make chicken fajitas or dirty rice, it is a nice compliment and does not dry out as much as Jiffy's corn muffin mix (which I used to use). This packet, water, half a stick of butter and a can of creamed corn is all it takes, then bake for 45 minutes. It is moist and sweet, it does not last long in my house!
Easy and delicious!  Have made it in a 9x5" loaf pan as well as in a mini-muffin pan;  both methods yield a great-tasting product.
I make this product when we have any kind of Tex-Mex meal.  Everyone loves it.  It is easy to make and tastes great.
Seems stange that any item this good and tasty would disappear from stock iun the stores.  So glad  to find it on Amazon...and at the rate we eat this - especially in the winter with chili, won't have any problem going thru the bulk order of 12 pkgs...<br />Thank you Amazon and Chi-Chi's!
I had a taco party and almsot every single guest asked me How do I make the Corncake?.  I run out every year.
This little packet makes a whole pan full of sweet corn goodness.  Is it a side dish or a dessert or both?  You decide.  Easy to prepare and delicious on the table.
I love chi chi's corn cake and I love that I can purchase it from Amazon. My local grocery store stopped carrying it and I was so happy to see that I could order it from Amazon. I would give it 5 stars but not everyone in my family loves it. (I don't know why, it is so yummy) It is a delicious side to any mexican meal!
I grew up in Southern California, so I've had my share of sweet corn cakes at local restaurants. This mix is a great way to make these at home. I prepared a package of these for a friend of mine (who lives on the east coast and had never tried a corn cake)....she's now addicted but can't find them at her local store. Thank goodness for Amazon!
I have tried to duplicate this without having to buy the prepackaged stuff, but have never come close. The stuff this creates is outstanding in texture and flavor. I have always like the little dollop of corn yumminess that they sell at the Tex Mex chain Chevy's and this is almost a spot on replication of it. Great stuff for even picky eaters like young kids.
I made the recipe on the package and my family LOVED this dish. I will make it many, many times. My grandson said he wanted a whole dishful just for himself!
I had never made this or had it at a mexican food diner, so I did not know what to expect.  It is good and very moist, but if you use creamed corn with added sugar in it your muffins or corn loaf will be very sweet.  I will make my own cream corn to add next time instead of using Libby's canned cream corn which is high in salt and sugar.  I like sweets but this was a little over the top using canned cream corn. The first ingredient in the dry mix is sugar, not Corn Masa as listed on the Amazon site so be advised this is definitely a dessert.
sooo happy amazon sells this! the one grocery store that has it in my neighborhood is closing!!!! this is delicious!!! perfect for a fiesta night!
Delicious.  Reminds me exactly of the corn cake they use to serve at their restaurants.  I make this with every mexican night we have at home.
I've got no talent in the kitchen but in today's economy hosts really appreciate guests who contribute to the atmosphere by bringing a side dish.  I'd sampled this corn cake at a friends and couldn't believe it came from a mix.  I immediately ordered the mix from Amazon and put it to the test. So easy (water, melted butter and a cake pan) even I couldn't mess it up!! I took it to the next gathering where it was a hit.  I only wish it came in a smaller shipment (min. shipment is a pack of 12) but since everyone always seems to want the recipe, we can share.
I too am so glad Amazon sells this!!  I sometimes add a 1/4 cup of sugar when I want it sweeter:)
All the Chi Chi's closed in my area.  I was able to get this mix at the grocery store, but lately it has not been on the shelves. I am so happy to have found it on Amazon.  This mix is awesome.  Great for taco night!!!
Our daughter was very unhappy because she could not find Chi-Chi's Sweet Corn Cake Mix in her grocery stores.  Thanks to Amazon.com the "fix" was easy.  We had Corn Cake while dining on Lake Powell.  Heard the grand kids were enjoying more Chi-Chi's Corn Cake last night.  Thank you!  SR
I really like this product---when my grocery stopped carrying it, I ordered it through the mail.  This is more of a quick bread than a cake, and it requires a can of cream style corn.  The result is very moist and has a good corn flavor.  I bake it in muffin pans in cupcake papers, and a dozen are small.  It makes about 8 good sized muffins.  I also bake these longer than specified on the package, because I seem to like things that are more done than many people.  These store well in a plastic bag in the refrigerator---if they are not all eaten by the end of the meal.
Chi-Chi's sweet corn cake is awesome.  The stores in our area stopped stocking this item.  SO HAPPY to have found it on Amazon.com.  No other corn bread/cake mix comes close to being as good as this.  It goes great with taco's, nacho's and chili.  We also like to add in some frozen corn before we bake it.  YUM!!!!
I've been a fan of this stuff for years.  Make sure you stir it up after you pull it out of the microwave since the grease seems to float to the top.  It is quick, easy, and makes for a tasty lunch when you are short on time or don't feel like going out for lunch.
It isn't healthy, despite the description above, though I did not buy it for that reason. I love pasta, but for my uses preparing a fresh batch, then adding the sauce would be both expensive, and time consuming. This is the best solution. I will buy this variety again in the future, in the can version, for more days.
Great for a snack (I eat a 2500 calorie/day diet)... I eat this between lunch and work and it hits the spot.  An entire bowl is 400 calories.  Arrived on time and its easier and cheaper than buying in bulk at ACME or other such (not costco but i dont have my own member card)
i received the box of chocolate and was very pleased . the box was in excellent shape and was wrapped well. the candies were fresh and delicious. would get again.
This 2 lb box of chocolates was a wonderful gift for my 20 year old niece!  The quality of the chocolates was amazing, but more importantly was the long lasting pleasure the young lady got.  A double gift!  Thanks Amazon!<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0042GWKWO">See's Candies 2 lb. Assorted Chocolates</a>
Speaking as another Texan, I think the first rule for these delicious treats is to NOT order them during spring or summer. In fact, your safest bet is to ONLY order them in the dead of winter.  LOL!  As long as you do that, be prepared for a truly amazing treat!  This package comes with 12 bite-sized delicacies.  The chocolate is high-quality, the nuts are crunchy, and the overall taste couldn't be better.  Definitely worth the price!
i cannot believe that i found these on amazon!!!!  i became addicted to the little, choclate covered, macadamia delights in tokyo and thought that i would be doomed to a life without them back in the states.  BE WARNED CONSUMER!  HIGHLY ADDICTIVE!!!  HIGHLY ADDICTIVE!!!  recently, i mourned the devouration of my last box... but i've found them again!!!!  I CAN LIVE! I CAN LIVE!!!!!!!
I really enjoyed eating this macadamia delights from Meiji. The chocolate has a great, and not too sweet, taste. The nuts are a bit small, if you are used to larger varieties, but that is a small problem.<br /><br />I found they were not good for my feeding frenzies. Stuffing a whole box down in about 3 minutes is not a good idea, as the chocolate can leave a bit of an aftertaste in the throat. Taken at a more leisurely pace, they are a real treat.
The actual product deserves 5 stars, the reason I gave it 4 stars is because its like three dollars at asianfoodgrocer.com. That's where I order it from, not amazon. Much lower prices.
I didn't buy them here but I did buy them from Buford Highway Farmers Market here in Atlanta and they are wonderful. They are worth a try. :)
This will be a short review (for me).<br /><br />I am somewhat of a tea connoisseur, so for me to give a tea 5 stars... well this is a first for me in an Amazon review.<br /><br />Like other reviews of this product, it is a beautiful delight to watch this hand sewn tea unfold in the pot; delicate, thin first flush leaves surround a beautiful red center of hibiscus.  The liquor is a light honey color, and the apricot overtones are pronounced on the palate.<br /><br />I would recommend this tea for anyone who enjoys green (or white)teas; wants to become more familiar with them, or as a gift for someone.
This is the sugar I use for all my white sugar needs. It's very fine, somewhere between the dust like qualities of powdered sugar and regular sugar. It dissolves very well into drinks without that somewhat odd tastes powdered sugar can have because of the corn starch or the granularity of not dissolving completely like granulated sugar which makes it perfect for cold drinks.<br />When baking with it, because it's so fine, I usually use a scant cup (1 cup - 1 tablespoon) instead of a full cup. That seems to work well for me.<br />Excellent for meringues and fudge because it's so fine and dissolves so well.
We've been trying various rices including Aquarello Carnaroli and this Vialone Nano is by far the best. It's very forgiving of lapses in technique and produced the creamiest risotto of the five brands of rice we've tried.<br /><br />Be sure to have an airtight container to store the unused rice from each package - the vacuum pack plastic is too stiff to close well.
Great for risotto.  Creates creamy finished product, while maintaining a good 'al dente' bite, better than any other rice I have used.
If you want to make authentic Italian risotto for a reasonable price, buy this rice! Vialone Nano is - in my opinion - the very best for making risotto. You have to follow the true process, starting with sweated shallots, then parching the rice, then deglazing with white wine, and finally adding hot stock in small amounts while stirring often. If you follow this procedure (and/or find a good recipe), you will be rewarded with some of the creamiest, most mouth-meltingly tender rice you've ever had. Why pay for it in a restaurant when it's so easy to make at home?
My dog is simply crazy about these treats. But what is really nice about them is that they are fairly healthy as well. Since they are hard treats they serve the purpose of both cleaning the teeth and providing a semi-long lasting morsel of enjoyment. In additon to that, since these treats are all natural, they do not contain as many of the fillers that are present in some of the other treats, making them extra healthy.<br /><br />The price may seem hefty for simple dog treats but these are pretty large treats that can be broken up into smaller ones and you can't beat the quality.
All the dogs on my Christmas list loved this. They ate it right away
These seeds are awesome, good size with the perfect amount of spice.buffalo to ranch flavoring.  I've only been able to find them here locally at 2 or 3 other gas stations, ordering them via Amazon is obviously cheaper and saves me nearly 4-5 dollars buying the box.
This new flavor is great. Not too spicy as I thought it would be.  In fact, it has the flavor of buffalo sauce but not the heat which I like.  I tried these from the local convenience store.  But from Amazon, the shipped price is really good.  So I bought a couple of ten packs.  Can't wait. I've been out for a few days now and need something to snack on at work.
These are jumbo and flavored nicely,  I ended up saving $.40 per pack as well, good deal.  Once u go jumbo u never go back.
These are good sized seeds, and they taste good, not over roasted.  I know this as I rinse them before I eat them.  The flavor is a little strong for me, which if you knew me would not surprise you.  I'm not the biggest fan on spices that add heat.  If you like Buffalo Wings, I'm sure you'll love these.  It was the "ranch" part of the flavor that caught my eye.
Looking for a good tasting jumbo sunflower seed that is not too salty and has an outstanding flavor?  Then these are for you!<br /><br />They have an awesome flavor are jumbo size and the price won't hurt your pocketbook.  I would recommend them to anyone.  Unfortunately they are hard to find and when you do find some they fly off the shelf, so they must be good!
The seeds are large and roasted perfectly. I lived in Upstate NY near Buffalo when the Buffalo wings phenomenon started and have been eating them ever since. These seeds don't even have the faintest resemblance to Buffalo wings. If you are looking for that taste don't buy them.  If you are looking for a great spicy ranch taste then these are for you.  The only flavored seeds available near me are the plain ranch. They are ok, but these have that extra bit of spice that really makes them great.<br /><br />Will be buying these again and highly recommend them to anyone who likes the spicy, yet not too hot ranch taste.
It was this or a big tub of spice drops. These are better for diabetics. They didn't last long, and my wife enjoys the mess I make 'round the La-Z-Boy.
The only thing keeping this product from five stars are all of the broken shells. At the top of the bag, I found a number of half shells. However, when I got to the bottom I realized that many of the seeds had collected there in a pile of shell remnants and seasoning salt. Blow the seasoning off and you may lose some seeds as well. Otherwise, a great eating experience.
The jumbo size is great, and makes for easier consuming.  Those of you Ranch heads like me, do yourself a favor and immediately upgrade.  This flavor is even better, easily the best David has to offer. Great price on Amazon, especially since these flavor seeds are pretty hard to find in regular stores.
These are the best sunflower seeds ever the bigger size makes them easier to eat. load of flavor in every bag!
The Maxwell House International Coffee - Vanilla Nut Cafe - is absolutely my favorite flavor!  Seems to be extremely difficult to locate now, though.  Last purchase was made through Amazon and hoping it will become available again soon!
Excellent Energy drink, I drink one-a-day before I go for my daily walk, gives me a nice boost!  I like the taste, may take a few too get used to it!  No jitters just a boost!
I started using Celsius over two year ago. Gives just the right boost I needed to exercise in the mornings. No crash or after affects. Has a great taste, nothing strong or overwhelming.
My cat LOVES Fancy Feast cat food; and this variety pack in particular makes mealtime a veritable newsworthy event! He always eats it down and he loves it; I can tell.<br /><br />You get eight cans of Ocean Whitefish & Tuna Feast; eight more cans of Savory Salmon Feast with Cod and eight more cans still of Sole & Shrimp Feast. Very good!<br /><br />The food does have some nutritional content; I always look for that when I buy food for the cat. There's some vitamin E, A, D3, B12, and B1. I like that. Naturally, ask your vet if you have any concerns about your cat's personal individual needs for nutritional content in their daily diet.<br /><br />If you catch a sale on this, stock up! However, I would use these cans of food within six months of buying them.<br /><br />Overall, this is one of the better brands of cat food out there; and I recommend it. Your cat will love it and it has nutritional content which is great for them, too.
These Fancy Feast Variety Packs, which contain twenty-four cans, always ensure that you have a good supply of cat food on hand. I also do not have to waste my time stacking individual cans.  I always have a box of this one, the Gourmet Variety Pack, which is fish and seafood based, on hand. It contains eight cans each of ground ocean whitefish and tuna, salmon and cod, as well as sole and shrimp.<br /><br />I also always have on hand the Fancy Feast Sliced Variety Pack, which contains eight cans each of beef, chicken hearts and livers, and turkey. In addition, I also have a box of the Fancy Feast Grilled Variety Pack on hand, at all times, which contains eight cans each of grilled beef, turkey, and chicken, each in their own savory sauce. My cat, Mamushka,  loves them all.
Great oysters, fast shipping. Can't find them local so I took a chance and they were GREAT! They were frozen when I got them and package was well packed.
I was just a little wary ordering this because of the other reviews that said it was super salty and way too tough. But I gave it a shot anyway. I don't know if it was because I ordered a different flavor(Teriyaki) or if I just got lucky. Nonetheless, I think these jerky strips are some of the best I've ever had. I will admit to the fact that they are just a little salty, but nothing an ice cold cola or beer of your choice won't fix. As per being tough, I munched down five or six right out of the container as soon as I opened it. I just couldn't stop myself, they were that good. For all that chewing my jaw is none the worse for the wear. So for those of you out there that are real jerky fans, this is definitely worth trying.<br /><br />**Update** I did a little research because I was curious as to why everyone thought this jerky was too salty. I looked up the nutrition facts on all 4 flavors. Both the Original & Peppered contain 650mg of sodium, the Wood Smoked had 570mg, and the Teriyaki has only 440mg of sodium. So if you thought the others were too salty, or are worried about this jerky being too salty, try the teriyaki. I highly recommend it. It's not too salty, just a hint of sweet from the teriyaki, but still nice pepper flavor as well.
With Jack Links buying King B, it looks like they have repackaged the original beef jerky strips in this label with the same great results. I hope they keep up with the demand as everyone else finds them as I did.  Thanks for bring them back Jack Links!
I dont review often, but this stuff is just what I was looking for.  I ordered about $150 of jerky to try all the types I havent yet tried, and I popped this can first.<br /><br />I already found what i want!  The taste is excellent...i'ma  fan of hickory smoked stuff as it is.The texture is good...not too tough, and definately not too tender.<br /><br />What else do you need? Good taste, good texture.  Wish it was a bit cheaper at $25/lb....but what can ya do
These beef jerky strips are really good.  Texture is just right.  Flavor is peppery, but also just right.  Could be more smoky for me.  This is a repeat buy on my part.
Just like old style jerky.  Whole strips of meat, not compressed chips. Yum Yum. Peppery.
This stuff is the real deal! Not too soft, not too hard, not too salty, no fat, and a great smokey flavor with just a touch of spice that makes your tongue tingle. For a commercially produced product, this is really a satisfying strip of jerky. I was pleasantly surprised and will definately purchase again...
Walked into a convenience store and bought this for .99 and was like, nice.  Asked the counter person if I could buy it at their rate and got the brush off.  Did a little research and voila!  Amazon comes through again.  Bought two jars, and the wife and kids cleaned me out.  I will be getting this sent to me monthly soon.
As processed, mass produced jerkies go, this is one of the best I've had. It compares with King-B. I don't care for all of the poisonous preservatives and processing, but that comes with eating anything these days unless you go and find a hunter you can buy from direct.<br />Fresh game jerky would be the next logical step if you can find it.
we had been looking for King B brand jerky for months before contacting Jack Links to find out what happened.  They informed us that their Smokehouse brand was indeed new branding for the King B products.  With speculation on them keeping the same recipe, we orderd a jar and were not disappointed!!  The product was exactly what we had remembered the original King B to be. I will definetly be ordering this again!!
This jerky reminds me a little of the artisan jerky I used to be able to find in California. The strips are thin, so they're easy to bite and the flavor is slightly spicy and definitely smokey.<br /><br />My husband absolutely loved it..he's been taking 2-3 pieces per day in his lunch and they never come back home with him the way other snacks sometimes do! I'm buying more while they're on sale!
let me tell you that this beef jerky has me wanting more. I have never tasted a jerky with more flavor and taste I recommend it to anyone wanting a little more out of their jerky.. A++++++++++++
Over the past two years, thanks to Amazon, I have been sampling jerky from literally all over the U.S. I finally found a tasty, jerky that doesn't give my jawbone a workout. Great meat flavor, an excellent snack.
I miss the King B ripple style and the regular jerky too.  Thanks Jack Links for at least offering this.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001AWBL82">Jack Link's Smokehouse Beef Jerky Strips, Wood Smoke, 30-Count Jar</a> These are the real deal when it comes to jerky. The whole family loves them. When the grandkids come over they wipe me out. The 2 year old looks for the container sitting on the microwave and says Paw Paw, Stick. These come once a month via the Amazon Subscribe and Save. Just another great quality Jack Link's product. One of the few companies that got big, but never sacrificed quality in the process!
You will love this jerky if you are a beer drinker. Recommend this product for sure for them nights around the campfires!
These are great tasting and have good consistency and meatiness.  Easy to eat on the run (no mess).
This jerky is the bomb!!! It is by fare the best i have ever had and I have had a lot of jerky in my day.
Great flavor, and texture.  It may not be the best jerky out there, but for the price, I couldn't find any better.  It comes in a few different flavors, so there's bound to be one you like.  I just wish the shelf life was longer, I'd love to keep this with the emergency food/water.
This is for all the beef jerky lovers out there. If you like jerky this is the best tasting stuff that Ive found anywhere. All of the flavors are great. The black peppered in my opinion is the best and the wood smoked is a little dry but still good. I would recommend it to anybody.
I used to eat these King B beef jerky sticks all the time when I was younger, they were my favorite! I figured once King B was gone so was my beloved jerky, but luckily Jack Links has brought it back. This jerky is above and beyond any of that overly-sweet bagged jerky Jack links sells. No, instead this is the way jerky should be, nice and chewy and salty yum. I know some people on here complained about the saltiness but I don't think they're overly salty, they're just plain delicious. Order some, you won't regret it.
These are the best Jerky Strips I have ever tasted. Our family has been eating them for years and they are typically a Christmas delight.
The Smokehouse Jerky is some of the best out there, a perfect quick snack. It has s great smoke flavor and texture. I even started a subscription to get it once a month....save 15% by doing it.<br />The only con would be a little on the salty side. If you like jerky you can't go wrong with this.
There are literally hundreds of jerky type products out there.  This is simply my favorite.  Real strips of beef, not ground up hamberger, that tastes like meat instead of preservatives without teriyaki or any other flavoring or sauce.  Good price, good product and great taste.  You'll be happy with this one.  When I'm looking for a non sugary snack, I reach for this first.
A coworker brought this yummyness into the office and I am so greatful.  I am not big beef jerky fan but this stuff totally falls under my "much yum" category.
This jerky is extremely addictive!  I have had most every other brand of jerky and this is by far the best jerky I have ever had.  It was originally King B Jerky.
This is the only food my cat will eat.  If I buy another variety or brand, it sits in her bowl until it gets stale & I throw it out.
This flavor of Fancy Feast is decidedly the favorite of our waif of a cat.  She is usually a very picky eater, but this trout flavor really gets her excited.<br /><br />The local store ran out of this flavor and may not restock it, so I ordered online.  We got a good price and the case of food arrived in good condition.<br /><br />I was a little confused by the old label image that was on the web site that is just different enough from the new label that I had to double check that I was getting the item that I was expecting.<br /><br />It turned out to be the correct item, so all was well.
I think 9 Lives does a better job on this variety than Friskies.  Or I should say my cat does.  Friskies doesn't look as fresh or as appetizing as 9 Lives, and my cat doesn't like it as well.  It just smells nasty and looks not quite as good as the 9 Lives.  I think they could definitely do better on this variety -maybe even add cheese to it!  My cat leaves this one in the dish but eats the 9 Lives version.
This version is ground.  NOt my current cat's favorite version, but he really likes the taste. I do wish they'd make this one not ground but in the pieces variety too.  My previous cat really liked this one and usually licked the bowl clean. But, neither wanted it more than once or twice a month.  Why, I don't know but it seems to be a little richer than the others.
According to my cat, this stuff is just great.  He just licks himself for hours after eating this one and just loves the taste.  He will lick the bowl clean on this one and eats it usually pretty quickly.  But, he still doesn't want it more than 2-3 times a month because it's fish - not exactly his favorite food.  It's a great diversion from his regular fare and one that he truly appreciates.
I'm so glad to shop at Amazon.com it have everything you need,I<br />love getting my season from "Marshalls Creek Spices" it fresh, and<br />taste, and good try it you will like it I'm so glad to know about<br />amazon.com I wouldn't know about "Marshalls Creek Spices"<br /><br />  Thank You<br />  Miss Andernette Anderson<br />  God Bless
I love lemon pepper--I was amazed with this one--large grain and fresh.  Very large jar that delighted me because I use this in nearly everything.  Good tight jar to keep it fresh.  Very inexpensive.  Good buy for home cooks.
This "squeezy fruit" as my daughter calls it, is great.  Convenient, yummy, no added sugar...I love it.  I just don't understand why it is so expensive??  I find it at the grocery store for $2 for a four pack.  Don't pay this price, that's crazy!
This is my cat's favorite one.  He just licks that bowl clean whenever he gets it.  I usually buy a case of this one at a time and judging from how often it sells out, other cats must love it too.  The cheese hunks are large and look quite tasty.  It's just a very nice variety and something I'm sure every cat loves.  My previous cat about ran me down whenever I got it out to give to him and my current cat is no different.  Give this one a try - you'll be glad you did!
My cat is so picky! I've tried every brand and flavor and this is my cat's favorite.
At 60 years old I have had the care of cats my entire life.  Presently have four cats, three of which were "barn cats" and one came out of the woods and adopted us.  These cats love and gobble up Friskies Pate varieties "Mariner's Catch", "Sea Captain's Choice" and "Ocean Whitefish with Tuna".  I also serve as a "foster parent" for the local pet shelter and find that these 3 varieties of food are the best tolerated and completely consumed of all varieties.  The "Salmon" pate is very rich and I use it only as a special treat.  Incidentally, my cats always reach great age on Friskies.  Our cat "Kitten" died at 23 years old. She jumped off of a high bed and severely injured her spine and at the time it happened the Vet asked what food we used all of those years.  It has always been Friskies...dry and wet pet foods.  I find it is the best value and maintains our pet's good health right to the end.  The youngest cat that has died in our care was 18 years old and I have have had 28 cats as permanent pets, and countless foster pets over the years.
Of course, nobody can ever figure out what cats will like, but our experience is the opposite of the one-star review.<br /><br />Our two Bengal cats ate kibble for years, but after some serious teeth problems, they had to switch to canned food. We tried a few different brands and flavors. They'd eat it for a few days, then turn up their noses. Even expensive food from the vet's did not please them.<br /><br />So, we tried the Friskies Sea Captains Choice flavor, and they went nuts, gobbling it down like candy. We only bought a few cans at a time, figuring they would tire of it, but no, they have been eating it with gusto for a coupe of months now, so we buy it by the case.<br /><br />I don't understand about it not smelling good; perhaps they got a bad batch, but it smells like other cat foods to us, and the pate is easy to dish out. As long as the cats love it, who are we to complain?
I would have given this 5 stars but took one off for the high cost. This product otherwise is just yummy! This is spoken from the perspective of a diabetic who hasn't had regular taffy for years but I think this would hold its own next to regular taffy pretty easily.<br />Its sweetened with sucralose, not maltitol so there isn't the worry of gastric upset which is the #1 reason I ordered it. I don't see why more companies don't forgo the maltitol and just use other sweetners that have less of an impact on digestion. The flavors are full and all different depending on color and yes even the dreaded bannana flavor tastes good.<br />Its soft and chewy and I feel like I am "cheating" when I am not at all.<br />I am glad I found this!
I bought this along with the easy freeze ice cube trays for my two dogs. My vet put my lab on a diet so I have been looking for low calories treats to feed him for his evening snack. Each packet is only 30 calories and will fill one easy freeze ice cube tray (six large ice cubes for the extra large size). One packet will also fill my labs kongxl and my terriers Kong medium. They love it and make sure they lick their Kong's clean without getting bored with it. Overall a great snack!
Just right for making dan dan noodles and other delicious recipes.  Glad to have this in my pantry.  Flavorful vinegar will be useful for various dishes.  Product delivery was great - just as expected.
milder than most vinegars, but with its own very special taste to add to Ume Plum vinegar, and cider vinegar for that hmmmmm layer of flavor!
This is terrific honey.  What more can one say about it?  There was a great price when I got it, too -- much better than at the local supermarkets.
This is my cat's third favorite food.  It's great stuff - the gravy is so very thick and the food looks like bits of steak slicked off for your friend.  My cat licks the bowl clean every time and wants more.  They should send me discounts for as much of this stuff I buy.  I buy it by the case if that gives you some idea!
This is another favorite in our house.  My cat doesn't want it more than 4 times a month or so, but he still wants it and licks the bowl clean.  It is fish, not his favorite, but he really likes his salmon and this one is outstanding.  It's ground (why don't they make a sliced or bits version?), not his favorite either, but he does get it down pretty quickly.  Try this one - it's a definite winner.
This one is a great basic food. Whatever is in it, cats really go for and mine is no exception.  My current cat really doesn't like the ground variety which is what this is.  He will eat it occasionally, so I only buy it about twice a year.  My previous cat had to have it more often and really enjoyed it.  It's hard to judge what a cat will eat so if your cat likes ground, give this one a go because it really seems to be a big favorite.
Taste: Amazing. The honey flavor goes well with the smoked barbeque taste. It's soft, but not too soft. It also has a nice tang and spice to it, but nothing too extreme.<br />Smell: As soon as I opened it, everyone in my section ran up to see what the smell was. I'd describe it as alluring and inviting. Not overpowering or off-putting.<br />Price: For a pound of this quality of jerky, I'd expect it would cost more. Needless to say, you get more bang for your buck.<br /><br />In short, if you want a good jerky to snack on, you can't go wrong with this selection. Do your tastebuds a favor and get this jerky.
Delicious, pretty good stuff. Its sweet and not like chewing on leather like some products I've tried. Deffinately worth the money and for people who dont like crazy hot jerky but still like a little bite, this is for you
This jerky is flavorful and tender..can't ask for much more.  The only problem I have with it, is that it doesn't last long enough around my house ;)
I bought this product because it looked good not knowing if it would taste as good as it looked. Well it finally showed up by USPS well packaged. It's soft smells great and tastes even better. You won't be disappointed. I've already eaten five strips.
This is the absolute and complete BEST beef jerky that I have ever had. You'll be hard pressed to find better, if you can. It's tender and has a good bite but at the same time you won't rip your teeth out either. It's also not too salty.
I've been trying different beef jerkeys and by far I find this product to be the best tasting. nice meaty chunks and very flavorful.
SO GOOD SO PERFECT SO TENDER SO MEATY SO TASTY SO DELICIOUS YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO EAT JUST ONE, BELIEVE ME I HAVE TRIED. ALL CAPS IS RUDE.
I am always on the  lookout for good old fashioned candy. Funny I do not even have a sweet tooth. However I really appreciate a quality candy. I picked up one these purely for the fantastic packing they come in. After just one taste it was obvious that the company has put love and care into producing these candies.  If you are looking for unique smooth and delicious old fashion candy look no further. Highly recommended.
If you like a lot of flavor in each bite, this is it.  A little messy to handle but worth the fuss!!!
it's difficult to describe herbal type pills. with no quick results it takes blind faith really. i reckon these are ok? i got what i ordered quickly
This tea is full of flavor without bitterness.  No additions needed.  You will not be disappointed.  Do not try this Earl Grey if you do not like bergamot.
I ordered this for my daughter, who does not like coffee. She says it is the best tasting tea, and it brews perfectly with the Keurig. Also like the large quantity box.
This is the best cat food- I introduced it to my 16yr old cat slowly and she is much healthier, has a shiner coat and sheds less. Each time I purchase, I switch up the flavors, cats love variety.<br />Great product!
My two Siberian cats refused almost a dozen canned foods, but THIS, they could not get enough of!  Thank you!  A superb supplement to their dry food diet.
Just like anything else from New Zealand this food is amazing. My cat can't wait for it, and plate is always clean. She loves it and I feel great buying Ziwipeak. They even put green muscles in this food. Overall food looks solid, packed with proteins and kiwi love.
We all know how picky cats can be.  It may be grain free, but food still smells, looks like, and fine details in label indicate "highly processed" with all the extra vitamins & minerals, which I think is the "turnoff" for the kitties. Doesn't say up front, but also contains New Zealand Green Mussell, which I am not sure how that ingredient fits in as I am not from New Zealand, but suspect locals rely on that for nutrients as we do mussells in this country.  They are spoiled on the real thing - minimally processed or raw rabbit, chicken, bird, wild caught salmon.  They will eat canned only if minimally processed.  Another cat food bites the dust but gives the dogs another treat! 1 STAR for not knowing about the New Zealand Mussell & for still being highly processed & therefore unpalatable as food for cats that love rabbit. 5 Star for a dog treat without the added hormones, grains, etc.
I have a friend from England who adores fruitcake. For her birthday i sent her a package of fruitcake. She swooned, Fruitcake in June is so decadent. She loves Claxton fruitcake so this was a no brainer. Now I want some too!
This is simply the best chocolate I have ever tried. In general, 3kg packages are much better than 70g Valrhona's. If I had only tried 70g Valrhona Manjari, I would have never known how good it can be. Try the 70g to see which one you like and then buy 3kg package(it will be 3 times better). It has around one year of best before left when you buy it(which is enough, beleive me)...<br /><br />Great for cooking and sublime for eating.
This is amazing chocolate for most baking. Manjari in general is wonderful, fruity and deep in taste. But the feves in the 3 kg package melt super easily, the package is resealable and you can keep it in the fridge.
So, I moved from Europe to the US, I settled in my apartment etc, and after a week or so I decided that I wanted some candy. I went to the supermarket and started looking for some M&M's. Then this weird *red* bag caught my eye and I thought, hah!, this country is funny, they put an 's' instead of an 'm' on their M&M's here, and the bag is all different too.<br /><br />So I took one bag home to try it. I grabbed a handful of the presumed M&M's and ... what a surprise. This was obviously not what I had bargained for, and I considered ditching this wrong purchase, but instead I figured I'd give this weird stuff another chance at some other time.<br /><br />Do you realize that my mortal soul could _still_ have been saved, at that point ??<br /><br />It was only in the next few days that the addiction set in. I found myself longing for more of that flavor when the bag was through; I wouldn't have reckoned at first, that I would actually buy many more of these bags on purpose.<br /><br />Now my willpower has been eternally challenged. My stomach will never be like before. My jaw is numb from the endless compulsive chewing. And I can just feel my teeth desintegrating right when I take another dose. Why do I forever ache for that soothing acidic taste ? They're so delicious they ought to be outlawed !
Never gave much thought to this treat until Marshawn Lynch came to town...Awesome have a big ole candy dispenser at work with a big Seahawks sticker on it...Now we have Matt Flynn beast-mode cajun style...
I've always, ALWAYS loved Skittles! They are sweet and chewy, and they will give you plenty of cavities if you're not careful! ^_^<br /><br />Enjoy them, and buy this 3.5 lb bag today!<br /><br />4.5 stars.
My title was my reaction when I first opened the box it came in.  I didn't really plan on eating the whole bag since they are mostly gonna be used as reinforcement to get my kids potty trained.  My two year old girl doesn't really care so much but they work wonders for my four year old with autism.  I give her one after she potties and washes her hands and she couldn't be happier.  I do find myself reaching in and getting handfuls at times but I try not to go overboard.  If you love Skittles than this bag will probably be good for you but if you are just a casual candy eater than maybe not.
I have an interesting relationship with Skittles.  When I was about 10 years old, I absolutely thought they were average at best and couldn't understand what everyone loved so much about them.  "Too sour, not tasty enough" was my impression.  Later however, I entered my teenage years and it actually took until I nearly graduated from high school that the taste caught on with my tastebuds and became super delicious to me.  What also got me hooked is this kid I remember from 10th grade science class who would ALWAYS bring in a bag of Skittles *every single day* and chew on them, and all the girls liked him because of his good looks and smooth personality, so Skittles sort of gave me the impression that COOL kids eat Skittles.  However, please buy bags of Skittles from your local grocery store- it's not worth it here on amazon with the high dollar price.  You can find plenty of places in your area selling them for cheaper prices.  My only complaint with Skittles is that, despite the color, they *all* taste exactly the same to me!  Purple, green, red, orange, yellow... I really can't taste a difference between these supposed "different flavors".  Then again, I don't have a favorite color in a rainbow so maybe this makes perfect sense!
I just love skittles! For a while we had them here in Brazil (South America), but then for some reason I couldn't find them anymore, so when my aunt is coming down for a visit I ask her to bring me some. This time I decided to spare her the shopping trouble and I bought it through Amazon and had it sent to her place. The bag was a bit larger than I expected, but I guess this was a good thing, right?
So this bag of skittles is really worth it. Comes with a load of skittles filled too the top of the bag. Skittles is my favorite candy now I order the 3.5lb all the time. Its enough to share and still have a lot left over
There isn't much to say other than the delivery was great and the candy was fresh and chewy. Eating alone the bag lasted me 2 months. Great for the price and I'd order again!!!
I ordered these because I couldnt seem to find this size at the store. There were a couple skittle shells at the bottom of the bag from the shipping of the product, but everything else was fine.
The add on program makes this a great deal for a natural, very tasty sugar.<br /><br />You can add to any order over $25 or buy 8 (like I did) and have all 16# delivered free. Either way an outstanding value!<br /><br />There are lots of good reasons to eat natural sugar. I use in my coffee and making bread. Use 1 to 1 instead of "white" sugar for your needs. You may find that yeasts will proof faster and more bubbly with this type of organic sugar.<br /><br />The zip-loc bag does not seal all that well. So I store in a quart mason jar in the dark cupboard. Each bag is sightly more than one quart. The balance is added to the sugar bowl.<br /><br />Give this sugar a try. Hope you enjoy it as much as I do!
I buy syrups to make soda with plain seltzer water, and this one is by far the absolute most delicious one I have found. This particular flavor is incredibly true to a real red grapefruit flavor, yet sweet and powerful. What's great is that the flavor works whether I want just a little or a lot, depending on how sweet I want my soda to be on any given day. It's comparable to Squirt / Fresca, but honestly I think the actual flavor is much richer and more satisfying. If you like the taste of grapefruit even a little bit, you won't be disappointed.
I love goat cheeses and buy them on a regular basis.  A lot of people seem unaware that there are many other types of goat cheese on the market other than the ultra fresh Chevre.  I have purchased this selection by iGourmet for both myself and for others as gifts.  The reactions from my friends have been mixed.  They all enjoy the harder chesses, such as the Goat Cheddar and the Ibores.  However, some people don't like fresh, soft goat chesses and one of the reasons that I send them this selection is so that they can try a variety of different chesses.  However, in the selection that I was sent it contained two versions of Chevre-type cheeses including the delicious Buche de Chevre.  Still, I wished they had more of the harder to find goat milk versions of cheeses traditionally made from cow's milk such as the goat's milk Cheddar and Gouda.<br /><br />As for as price goes, this is a surprisingly good value.  You are getting two pounds of very expensive chesses for a little more than I have paid for one pound of some of the varieties here.  One of my friends did receive a substitution for one of the chesses.  Instead of the cheddar they received the Cypress Grove's Midnight Moon.  I can certainly understand why substitutions would be necessary and I felt that they replaced the listed cheese with an even better variety.  Overall I am very pleased with both the price and the quality of the cheeses, I just wish that they had less fresh and more unique forms of this wonderful type of chesse.<br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1423603680">Goat Cheese</a>
Ordered this goat cheese and it is just fantastic! I can't digest cow milk so finding these goat cheeses was a great treat! I would order them again they are that delicious! Looks spectacular on a cheese platter with fruit and selected crackers.
Mine came with a wine soaked variety thats purple - i haven't tried yet , the cheddar is delicious and melts smoothly ...Marigold (actually has marigold bits in it) - very nutty, earthy soooo tasty my favorite so far and the bouche de chevre -mmm runny creamy delicious! I have never been disappointed by any of the igourmet cheese selections even if its different than pictured this is no different!
This soup is like a combination of vegetable, lentil and Spanish rice soups.  It has a slightly gelid texture, though I never add as much water as I should.  4.5 stars to be exact.
Tried this in a turkey burger and it was sooo good. I definitely recommend faery free. Salt can be added or better yet add a sprinkle of Goya Adobo.
It wouldn't be very smart to replace real veggies with these veggies straws but if you want a healthier salty snack I personally can't think of a better one on the market.  The portion size for 130 calories is absolutely gluttonous.  One portion is equal to 38 straws.  That is quite a bit of snacking for 130 calories.  These are crispy and taste great.  There is no trans fat, no preservatives, and kosher certified.  The single serving does have 7 grams of total fat and 11 carbs.  Eating these all the time might not be great for your diet but when you want something this is fantastic option.  I have lost 92lbs in the last year and half by following a sensible diet and I am happy to say this brand of Veggie Straws has helped me along the way.
Someone grabbing a bag of Veggie Straws may mistakenly believe Veggie Straws are made primarily of vegetables other than potatoes.  In fact, a quick read of the back of the bag reveals they are made primarily of potatoes and flavored with tomato and spinach.  This explains why they taste so much like potato chips.  The texture is light and crisp, and while it's been many years since I've had pork rinds, that's what I think of when I bite into these straws.<br /><br />Sensible Portions is the name of the company.  A 20 ounce bag contains 20 servings, which is about 38 straws.  Each serving has 7 grams of fat.  Compare that to <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0071BYOK8">Frito Lay Baked! Ruffles Original Potato Crisps</a>, which contains only 3 grams of fat per 1 ounce serving.<br /><br />If you can overlook the fat content, Veggie Straws are actually quite tasty, and they do have that psychological edge with that name.  I feel like I'm eating healthier, even when I'm not.
My kitties love these. Other Goodlife treats are good. Kitties adore these. Beg and plead for them. I think they must be addictive for cats.
My dog is 12 years old, and his breed (powderpuff chinese crested) is very subject to gum disease and tooth loss. After the last visit to the vet, with surgery that cost 13 of his teeth, I have struggled to find him a food that he could eat, that he liked, and would maintain his weight, his energy level (very playful pooch!), AND be good for him. He doesn't like soft food, so it's been a real task.<br /><br />This food does it. It's not brittle or "dusty". It is shaped like pellets (almost like rabbit food) and breaks really easy. It's tasty, cause he scarfs it right up, and he also has managed to get some weight on him. He looks better than ever before. I can at last rest easy knowing he is getting a decent nutritious food.
I have a fourteen-year-old chihuahua who is missing half his teeth. He has always been a dry dog food grazer who enjoyed picking out a piece or two of kibble and taking his time playing with it a while before he ate it. But he got where he couldn't chew the dry kibble, and for many reasons the canned wet dog food was not working out. This Bil-Jac Senior proved to be the answer. He is able to have the comfort of food in his bowl all day like he's used to, and he can actually eat it when he's hungry. I am grateful for this product because we are both old dogs who are pretty set in our ways.
Both of our dogs are fed Bil-Jac. My older dog, Dixie, loves this Senior version. It's nutritionally dense, with meat as it's primary ingredient and without empty fillers and fats. Dixie's weight is easier to maintain with this formula, and she has the most marvelous shiny coat too.
I've had the other Nana's No Gluten Cookie Bars in Berry Vanilla, and they aren't that good. But, the Chocolate Munch flavor is good. They are more moist, have a good flavor and a little crunch. The only reason I'm giving it four stars instead of five is that the texture is a little bit crumbly. I will be buying these again.
I agree with everything that the previous reviewer wrote in their review.  I gave the cookies a rating of 5 stars though because i havent eaten a cookie in about 4 years without getting sick.  This is because I have severe allergies to wheat and soy.  Pretty much every cookie you will find in a normal grocery store will have one if not both of these ingrediants.  So when I found Nana's cookies I was as happy as can be.  Yes the texture is different than a wheat cookie but it's better than going without cookies.  It also doesnt hurt that these cookies are delicious.  If you are like me and have a very limited diet these cookies are  a very welcome addition to that diet.
